A closed mind is a good thing to lose.
A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood. 
A Committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
A compliment is a statement of an agreeable truth; flattery is the statement of an agreeable untruth. 
A computer beat me at chess once. But, it was no match for me at kick boxing.
A computer is almost human - except that it does not blame its mistakes on another computer.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A conference is a gathering of important people who individually can't do anything but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A conservative is a politician who wants to keep what the liberals fought for a generation ago.
A conservative is a worshipper of dead radicals.
Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
A crisis is when you can't say: "let's forget the whole thing".
A crumb from a winner's table is better than a feast from a loser's table!
Action may not always be happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
A cynic is someone who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A daddy was listening to his child say his prayer "Dear Harold," ........ At this, dad interrupted and said, "Wait a minute, "How come you called God, Harold? The little boy looked up and said, "That's what they call Him in church. You know the prayer we say, "Our Father, who art in Heaven, Harold be Thy name."
Adam and Eve had an ideal marriage. He didn't have to hear about all the men she could have married, and she didn't have to hear about the way his mother cooked. 
A dancer goes quick on her beautiful legs; a duck goes quack on her beautiful eggs.
A diet is a selection of food that makes other people lose weight.
A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older?"
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
A disbelief in God does not result in a belief in nothing; disbelief in God usually results in a belief in anything.
A dog inside a kennel barks at his fleas. A dog hunting does not notice them.
A dog who attends a flea circus most likely will steal the whole show.
Adolescence and snow are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline. 
A drop of ink may make a million think.
A drunk mans' words are a sober mans' thoughts.
Adult: A person who has stopped growing at both ends and is now growing in the middle.
Adversity doesnt build character, it reveals it.
Advice for the day: If you have a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: Take two, and keep away from children.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. 
A face without freckles is like a sky without stars.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. 
A fair face may fade, but a beautiful soul last forever.
A fall will always make a wise man wiser. 
A farmer learns more from a bad harvest than a good one.
A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be.
A father was reading Bible stories to his young son. He read: "The man named Lot was warned to take his wife and flee out of the city but his wife looked back and was turned to salt." His son asked: "What happened to the flea?"
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. 
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
A friend is one who knows who you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you become, and still gently invites you to grow.
A friend is someone that won't begin to talk behind your back when you leave the room.
A friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight and walks beside you in the shadows.
A friend is someone who has the same enemies you have. 
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
A friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though you're slightly cracked.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
A friend was in front of me coming out of church one day, and the preacher was standing at the door as he always is to shake hands. He grabbed my friend by the hand and pulled him aside. The pastor said, "You need to join the Army of the Lord!" My friend said, "I'm already in the Army of the Lord, Pastor." Pastor questioned, "How come I don't see you except at Christmas and Easter?" He whispered back, "I'm in the secret service."
After all is said and done, more is said than done.
After hearing two eyewitness accounts of the same accident, you begin to wonder about history.
After months of training and you finally understand all of a program's commands, a revised version of the program arrives with an all-new command structure. 
After the government takes enough to balance the budget, the taxpayer has the job of budgeting the balance.
A gentle word, like summer rain, may soothe some heart and banish pain. What joy or sadness often springs, from just the simple little things!
Age is a question of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. 
A girl phoned me and said...Come on over there's nobody home. I went over... Nobody was home!
A giving church is a living church.
A goal properly set is halfway reached.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble. 
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
A good example is the best sermon.
A good exercise for the heart is to bend down and help another up.
A good friend see the first tear, catches the second and stops the third.
A good marriage is like a casserole: only those involved actually know what goes into it.
A good match blows fire...
A good school is a community where children learn to live first and foremost as children and not as future adults.
A good sermon should have a good beginning and a good ending, and they should be as close together as possible. 
A good way to change somebody's attitude is to change your own.
A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. 
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. 
A happy person is one whose arithmetic is at its best when they is counting their blessings.
A hard thing about business is minding your own.
A heavy burden does not kill on the day it is carried. 
A heavy snowstorm closed the schools in one town. When the children returned to school a few days later, one grade school teacher asked her students whether they had used the time away from school constructively. "I sure did, teacher," one little girl replied. "I just prayed for more snow."
A helping hand is no farther than at the end of your sleeve.
A helping word to one in trouble is like a switch in a railroad track . . . an inch between wreck and smooth, rolling prosperity. 
A hole is nothing at all, but you can break your neck in it.
A house divided against itself cannot stand; I believe this government cannot endure permanently half-slave and half-free. 
A hug is a great gift... one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange. 
A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to make a home.
A husband is the medicine that cures all the ills of girlhood.
Aim at heaven and you get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither. 
A journey of a thousand miles always begins with one step. 
A judge is a law student who marks their own examination papers. 
A jury consists of twelve people chosen to decide who has the best lawyer.
A kid's idea of a balanced diet is a hamburger in each hand.
A king's castle is his home.
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Alcohol preserves everything but not dignity.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way. 
A leading authority is anyone who has guessed right more than once.
Algebra was easy for the Romans because "X" was always 10.
A lie has speed, but truth has endurance. 
A life with love will have some thorns, but a life without love will have no roses.
Alimony: funds which allow a woman who lived unhappily married to live happily unmarried.
Alimony is having an ex-husband you can bank on.
A little lie is like a little pregnancy it doesn't take long before everyone knows. 
All animals, except man, know that the principle business of life is to enjoy it. 
All bicycles weigh 50 pounds, except that a 30 pound bicycle needs a 20 pound lock, a 40 pound bicycle needs a 10 pound lock, and a 50 pound bicycle does not need a lock.
All I ask for is the opportunity to prove that money doesn't buy happiness.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen. 
All mankind is divided into three classes: those who are immovable, those who are movable; and those who move. 
All men can fly, but sadly, only in one direction -- down.
All men make mistakes but married men find out about them sooner.
All mothers are working mothers.
All of the biggest technological inventions created by man - the airplane, the automobile, the computer - says little about his intelligence, but speaks volumes about his laziness. 
All of us are God's creatures... just some are more creature than others.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
All power corrupts, but we need the electricity.
All sunshine makes a desert.
All that is necessary for the forces of evil to win in this world is for enough good men to do nothing. 
All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today and yesterday.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.
All the treasure in the world is worthless, unless you have someone to share it with.
All your dreams come true, if you have the courage to pursue them. 
A long dispute means that both parties are wrong.
A long life may not be good enough, but a good life is long enough. 
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
A lot of kneeling will keep you in good standing.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. 
A luxury once enjoyed becomes a necessity.
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use. 
Always buy good shoes, and a good bed. Because if you aren't in one, you're in the other.
Always forgive your enemies but never forget their names.
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. 
Always keep several get well cards on the mantel. If unexpected guests arrive, they'll think you've been sick and unable to clean.
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
Always leave loved ones with loving words, it may be the last time you see them.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
A man convinced against his will is still of the same opinion.
A man has nothing to loose in trying, however: he may loose if he fails to try. 
A man has reached middle age when he is cautioned to slow down by his doctor instead of by the police.
A man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child.
A man is never astonished that he doesn't know what another does; but he is surprised at the gross ignorance of the other in not knowing what he does.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. 
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves. 
A man listens to his son yelling at his mother. After they finish fighting and make up the man calls his son and says: "Take this hammer and drive this nail into that peice of wood". Afterwards the father tells him to pull out the nail. Than the father said: "When you fight with your mother, you drive a nail through her heart. But look at how when you are forgiven and you take out the nail, the hole stays."
A man prayed, and at first he thought that prayer was talking. But he became more and more quiet until in the end he realised that prayer is listening. 
A man's knowledge can never outweigh his experience.
A man spends the first half of his life learning habits that shorten the other half of his life.
A man's reach should exceed its grasp. 
A man who is attracted by your mental appearance loves you more than a man who is attracted by your physical appearance.
A man who lives in a glass house should change in basement.
A man who lives in a glass house shouldn't throw stones.
A man with a watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never sure.
A man who thinks he is smarter than his wife, has a very smart wife!
A man who throws dirt loses ground.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
America is a country where half the money is spent buying food, and the other half is spent trying to lose weight.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
America is a land where citizens vote for Democrats but hope to live like Republicans.
America is the only country in the world where the poor have a parking problem.
"Am I indecisive?" Can I get back to you on that?
A mind, like a home, is furnished by its owner, so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself. 
A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimension. 
A moment on the lips, an eternity on the hips.
Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart. 
A more expensive tennis racket will not make you a better player.
A mother holds her childrens hands for a while, their hearts forever.
A mouse trap, placed on top of your alarm clock, will prevent you from rolling over and going back to sleep when you hit the snooze button.
An adolescent is a person who acts like a baby when they aren't treated like an adult.
An angry person is seldom reasonable; a reasonable person is seldom angry.
An Apple a day keeps the doctor away. But . . . an onion a day keeps everyone away.
An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have: The older she gets, the more interested he is in her. 
An army of deer led by a lion is more to be feared than an army of lions led by a deer.
An educational system isn't worth a great deal if it teaches young people how to make a living but doesn't teach them how to make a life.
An elderly woman died last month. Having never married, she requested no male pallbearers. In her handwritten instructions for her memorial service, she wrote, "They wouldn't take me out while I was alive, I don't want them to take me out when I'm dead".
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you choose to ignore it.
A newsboy was standing on the corner with a stack of papers, yelling, "Read all about it. Fifty people swindled! Fifty people swindled!" Curious, a man walked over, bought a paper, and checked the front page. Finding nothing, the man said, "There's nothing in here about fifty people being swindled." The newsboy ignored him and went on, calling out, "Read all about it. Fifty-one people swindled!"
An expert is a man that has made all mistakes possible in a narrow field of expertise 
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind. 
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it. 
Anger is costly on the soul, be carefull with what you choose to spend it on. 
Anger opens the mouth and shuts the mind.
An inch of time cannot be bought by an inch of gold. 
An obstacle is something you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
An obstinate man does not hold opinions, they hold him. 
An old-timer is someone who remembers every detail of their life story, but cannot remember how many times they have told the same person.
An open mind does not always require an open mouth.
An optimist believes we live in the best of all worlds.
A pessimist fears this is true.
An optimist laughs to forget, a pessimist forgets to laugh.
A note left for a pianist from his wife: "Gone Chopin, have Liszt, Bach in a Minuet."
An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance. - Nolan's / Peter's Placebo
Antiques are things one generation buys, the next generation gets rid off, and the following generation buys at auction at amazing prices.
Anybody who thinks talk is cheap never argued with a traffic cop.
Any car will last a lifetime - if you are careless enough.
Any man who laughs at women's clothes has never paid the bill for them.
Anyone can make a mountain out of a molehill by throwing on more dirt.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. 
Anyone who has time to look for a 4- leaf clover needs to find one.
Anyone who is not a socialist at 16 has no heart, but anyone who still is at 32 has no mind. 
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. 
Anyone who thinks that they are too small to make a difference, has never been in bed with a mosquito.
Any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough meetings are held to discuss it. 
Anything that can be changed will be changed until there is no time left to change anything.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value. 
A penny saved is a penny earned, and a penny spent, is a penny enjoyed.
A penny will hide the biggest star in the universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
A perfect guest is one who makes his host feel at home.
A person can fail many times, but they are not really a failure until they start to blame someone else.
A person is getting along the road to wisdom when they begin to realize that their opinion is just another opinion.
A person is grown up not when they can take care of themselves, but when they can take care of others.
A person is only as big as the things that make them angry. 
A person lives, to be loved. A person loves, to have lived. 
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A person's character and their garden both reflect the amount of weeding that was done during the growing season.
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person.
A person without knowledge of his history is like a tree without roots.
A person who can speak many languages is not necessarily more valuable than a person who can listen in one.
A person who makes no mistakes, generally makes nothing.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. 
A pessimist is someone who looks at the land of milk and honey and sees only calories and cholesterol.
A physician can bury his mistakes, an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines. 
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?" He said, "Call for backup."
A politician is a person who can make waves and then make you think they are the only one who can save the ship.
A politician is the one who shakes your hand before elections and your confidence after.
A politician will find an excuse to get out of anything, except office.
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for. 
A poor person isn't he who has little, but he who needs a lot. 
A poor report card has one good thing in its favor: at least you know the student is not cheating.
A promise is a debt.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. 
A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat. 
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
A real friend is someone who takes a winter vacation on a sun-drenched beach and does not send a card. 
A real patriot is someone who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A religion that is small enough for us to understand would not be large enough for our needs.
A retired husband is a wife's full time job.
Are you fuel for your job or is your job fuel for you. 
Are you living for the things you are praying for? 
Are you wrinkled with burden? Come onto Church for a FAITH LIFT!
A rich person is not the one who has the most, but the one who needs the least.
A rose can say I Love You. . . orchids can enthrall. . . but a weed bouquet in a chubby fist. . . OH MY that says it all!
Artichokes are like humans: you have to go through so much to get to the heart. 
Art is work, to sell it is art.
A rumor is as hard to unspread as butter.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
A sad Texan once prayed, "Lord, I wish you would make it rain - not so much for me, I've seen it - but for my 7-year-old."
As a man begins to live more seriously within; he begins to live more simply without.
A scientist knows more & more about less & less till he knows everything about nothing while a philosopher knows less & less about more & more till he knows nothing about everything.
A seafood diet is the best: whenever you see food, eat it.
A seminar on time travel will be held in two weeks ago.
A sharp tongue and a dull mind are usually found in the same head.
A ship in harbour is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. 
A signature always reveals a man's character... and sometimes even his name.
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
A single reason why you can do something is worth 100 reasons why you can't.
A sinning man will stop praying. A praying man will stop sinning.
As intelligence increases speach decreases. 
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Ask a question and you're a fool for three minutes; do not ask a question and you're a fool for the rest of your life. 
Asking the boss for a rise may not be patriotic, but it will help the government with the extra tax if it comes off.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
As long as people keep killing people, to stop the killing of people, the killing will go on.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
As long as you don't forgive, who and whatever it is will occupy rent-free space in your mind. 
As long as you put in the work, you can own the dream. When the work stops, the dream disappears. 
A smart husband buys his wife very fine china so she won't trust him to wash it.
A smile is a curve that sets things straight.
A smile is a fortune, but you can't sell it, you can't buy it and you can't steal it, but it isn't good to anyone until it is given away.
A smile is the cheapest way to improve your looks, even if your teeth are crooked.
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
A smile on your face can be felt on anothers heart.
A smooth sea never made a skillful mariner. 
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar. 
A stand can be made against invasion of an army; no stand can be made against invasion of an idea.
A statesman shears the sheep. A politician skins them.
A status symbol is a symbol, not status.
A stone thrown at the right time is better than gold given at the wrong time. 
A succesful man makes more money than his woman can spend.
A succesful woman is one who can find such a man.
A Sunday School teacher asked her class why Joseph and Mary took Jesus with them to Jerusalem.
A small child replied: "They couldn't get a baby-sitter."
A Sunday school teacher decided to have her young class memorize one of the most quoted passages in the Bible, Psalm 23. She gave the youngsters a month to learn the verse. Little Rick was excited about the task - but he just couldn't remember the Psalm. After much practice, he could barely get past the first line. Then came the day that the kids were scheduled to recite Psalm 23 in front of the congregation. When it was his turn, Rick stepped up to the microphone and said proudly, "The Lord is my Shepherd, and that's all I need to know."
A Sunday school teacher was carefully explaining the story of Elijah, the Prophet and the false prophets of Baal. She explained how Elijah built the altar, put wood upon it, cut the steer in pieces, and laid it upon the altar. And then Elijah commanded the people of God to fill four barrels of water and pour it over the altar. He had them do this four times - "Now," said the teacher, "can anyone in the class tell me why the Lord would have Elijah pour water over the steer on the altar?"
A little girl in the back of the room started waving her hand, " I know, I know!" she said, "To make the gravy!"
A Sunday school teacher was describing how Lot's wife looked back and turned into a pillar of salt, when little Jason interrupted, "My Mummy looked back once while she was driving," he announced triumphantly, "and she turned into a telephone pole!"
A Sunday school teacher was discussing the Ten Commandments with her five and six year olds. After explaining the commandment to "honour thy father and thy mother," she asked "Is there a commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters?" Without missing a beat one little boy answered, "Thou shall not kill."
A sweater is usually put on a child when the parent feels chilly.
A synonym is a word you use in place of one you can't spell.
A talent is formed in stillness, a character in the world's torrent.
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops. 
A tear shed can say more than a hundred words spoken.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
A tree never hits an automobile except in self-defense.
A true friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
A true friend walks in when the world walks out.
A truth spoken before its time is dangerous.
Attend Church weekly NOT weakly.
At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be "What is hell? Come early and listen to our choir practice.
Attitude might not catch fish, but it helps when you don't.
Attitude must be an art because it draws, and not a science because it can't be measured.
A twofold national problem is how to preserve the wilderness in the country and get rid of the jungle in the cities.
At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
"Automatic" simply means that you can't repair it yourself.
Autopsy is a dying practice.
Availability is better than ability for God.
Avarice hoards itself poor; charity gives itself rich. 
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A vibration is a motion that can't make up its mind which way it wants to go.
A weird thing about humans is we work till we're sick to get a fortune, then pay a fortune to get well again.
A wife is a person who can look in the top drawer of a dresser and find a man's handkerchief that isn't there.
A wise enemy is still safer than a fool friend.
A wise man among the ignorant is as a beautiful girl in the company of blind men. 
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends. 
A wise man may look ridiculous in the company of fools. 
A wise man sees as much as he should, not as much as he can.
A wise person escapes temptation and leaves no forwarding address.
A wise person has something to say, a fool has to say something.
A 'wish' changes nothing. A 'decision' changes everything!
A woman never shot a man while he was doing dishes.
A woman's greatest power is her vulnerability.
A woman's heart is like a campfire; if you don't tend it often the flame will go out. 
A word gets its meaning by the person who speaks it.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A young person knows the rules but the old person knows the exceptions.
Baby: A loud noise at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
Bacteria: the only culture some people have.
Bad planing on your part does not necessarily constitute an automatic emergency on my part.
Be as friendly to the janitor as you are to the chairman of the board.
Beat me with the truth, don't torture me with lies.
Be at peace with yourself first and then you will be able to bring peace to others. 
Beautiful faces are those that wear whole-souled honesty printed there. 
Beautiful hands are those that do..... deeds that are noble, good, and true.
Beautiful young people are acts of nature, but beautiful old people are works of art.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and I'm not one to judge.
Beauty is only skin deep...but ugly goes all the way to the bone!
Beauty is quite different from charm, beauty is what you notice in a woman, charm is when a woman notices you.
Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to... But be respected, that is essential. 
Be bold in what you stand for; and careful what you fall for.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. 
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Been there, done that and have the tee-shirt to prove it.
Before a man can stand he must learn to kneel.
Before I got married, I had six theories about bringing up children. Now I have six children and no theories. 
Before we set our hearts too much upon anything, let us examine how happy they are who already possess it. 
Before you can break out of prison, you must realize that you are locked up.
Before you point your fingers be sure your hands are clean.
Be good or be good at it!
Be grateful for the gifts you have rather than lament those you have not.
Behaviour is a mirror in which everyone shows his image. 
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman. 
Being Australian is about driving in a German car to an Irish pub for a Belgian beer, and then travelling home, grabbing an Indian curry or a Turkish kebab on the way, to sit on Swedish furniture and watch American shows on a Japanese TV.
Being cool, is not trying to be cool.
Being listened to and heard is one of the greatest desires of the human heart. 
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are - you aren't. 
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Being yourself is being the person everyone else wants you to be.
Believe in miracles, but don't depend on them.
Believe your beliefs and doubt your doubts. 
Be like the flower that perfumes the very hand that crushes it.
Be more concerned about your character than about your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think of you.
Be nice to everyone on your way to the top because you pass them all on the way down. 
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. 
Be not simply good; be good for something. 
Be of use, but don't be used.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. 
Best friends don't ask you: "Is something wrong?" Best friends ask you: "Whats wrong?"
B(est) I(nformation) B(efore) L(eaving) E(arth).
Be tender to the young, compassionate to the aged, tolerant with the weak. For in your life you will be all of these.
Be thankful for problems. If they were less difficult, someone with less ability might have your job.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Better a good heart than a fair face. 
Better an end with pain, than pain with no end.
Better to bend than to break. 
Better to light a candle, than to curse the darkness.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. 
Better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
Better untaught than ill-taught.
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors, and miss.
Be who you are and say what you feel: because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. 
Be ye fishers of men, you catch them -- He will clean them.
Be yourself- who else is better qualified? 
Big doesn't necessarily mean better..sunflowers aren't better than violets.
Big Ideas are so hard to recognize, so fragile, so easy to kill. Don't forget that, all of you who don't have them. 
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest. 
Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape. 
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt. 
Blessed are those who can laugh at themselves, they will never cease to be amused.
Blessed is he who doesn't show hatefulness over what is lost, but instead, shows gratefulness over what is left.
Blessed is he who, having nothing to say, refrained from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Blowing out another's candle will not make yours shine brighter.
B positive is not my blood group, still its in my blood.
Bones; there are 206 in the human body. No need for dismay, however: two bones of the middle ear have never been broken in a skiing accident.
Boredom is a sign of unused potential.
Boredom sets into boring minds.
Born twice, die once. Born once, die twice.
Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells live forever.
Buses stop at bus stations, trains at train stations, my desk has a workstation.
Butcher's window: Let me meat your needs.
But the lies we live will always be confessed in the stories that we tell. 
By learning to obey, you will know how to command. 
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
By the time you can make ends meet, they move the ends.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. 
Cancer is so limited, It cannot corrode faith, It cannot shatter hope,It cannot kill friendships, It cannot cripple love, It cannot destroy peace, It cannot silence courage, It cannot suppress memories, It cannot conquer the spirit.
Can't never did anything but fail 
Can you remember when you didn't want to sleep? Isn't it inconceivable? I guess the definition of adulthood is that you want to sleep. 
Celibacy is not an inherited characteristic.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. 
Challenges can be stepping stones or stumbling blocks. It's just a matter of how you view them.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. 
Changing one thing for the better is worth more than proving a thousand things are wrong.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. 
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation, by what you fall for. 
Character is what a person is in the dark. 
Charity begins at home. Success begins at work.
Charity may begin at home, but if it goes no further, it's no longer charity. It's clan loyalty.
Charm is getting the answer yes without asking a clear question. |
Cheerfulness is contagious, but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a "carrier".
Chickens: The only animals you eat before they are born and after they are dead.
Childhood is that wonderful time of life when all you need do to lose weight is to take a bath.
Children are natural mimics. They act like their parents in spite of every attempt to teach them good manners.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. 
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Chocolate covered raisins, cherries, orange slices & strawberries all count as fruit, so eat as many as you want.
Choose a job you like and you will never have to work a day of your life.
Choose well. Your choice is brief, and yet endless. 
Choose your love, love your choice.
Christians aren't perfect, they're just forgiven!
Church is the only place I know, where I can arrive late and get the best seats in the house!
Church is the only society on earth that exists for the benefit of non-members. 
Church members are either pillars or caterpillars..the pillars hold up the church, and the caterpillars just crawl in and out.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it has stopped snowing.
Clock: A small mechanical device to wake up people without children.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. 
Coincidence is when God chooses to remain anonymous.
Coins are made by mint of metal. Character is made by dint of mettle.
Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage.
College is that bright interlude of freedom a young man has between subjection to his mother and submission to his wife.
Come, work for the Lord. The work is hard, the hours long and the pay is low. But the retirement benefits are out of this world.
Committee: A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Common sense is genius dressed up in work clothes. 
Communication by empathy is a talent that few possess.
Compromise: the art of dividing a cake so that everybody believes he or she got the biggest piece.
Conditions are never just right. People who delay action until all factors are favorable do nothing. 
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. 
Confrontation doesn't always bring a solution to the problem, but until you confront the problem, there will be no solution. 
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself; and you will understand what little chance you have trying to change others.
Constant use will wear out anything... especially friends.
Consumers are statistics, customers are people.
Contentment is not to be found in having what you want, but rather wanting what you have
Contingencies have tendencies to become dependencies. 
Conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct. 
Copy from one its plagiarism. Copy from two its research.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says...I'll try again tommorrow.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. 
Courage is not the absence of fear. Courage is the precence of fear with the capacity to manage and overcome it.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. 
Crime has already been organised. Now it's up to the police.
Criticism should always leave people with the feeling that they have been helped.
Cultivate money and you grow rich.
Cultivate mind and you raise culture.
Dad: Someone who hopes his sons will turn out to be just like him, and who is afraid his daughters will meet someone who did.
Dance as if no one's watching, love as if it's never going to hurt.
Dancing is a vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
Death is life's way of telling you you're fired.
Death is not a period but a comma in the story of life.
Death is not totally extinguishing the light but turning off the lamp because the dawn has come.
Deciding not to choose is still making a choice.
Dedication is not what others expect of you; it is what you can give to others.
Defeat isn't bitter if you don't swallow it.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried. 
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains very popular.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved. 
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in? I think that is how dogs spend their lives. 
Did you hear about the man who lost his whole left side? He's all right now
Did you know that dolphins are so intelligent that within only a few weeks of captivity, they can train Americans to stand at the very edge of the pool and throw them fish.
Dieting is wishful shrinking.
Digital Wisdom: Affirm brain on-line before opening mouth.com.
Diplomacy -- the art of letting someone have your own way.
DisAppointments are often His Appointments.
Disappointments should be cremated, not embalmed.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Discipline without freedom is tyranny. Freedom without discipline is chaos. 
Do all you should, not all you could.
Do bad and remember, do good and forget. 
Doing a thing wrong for a long period of time gives it the superficial appearance of being right.
Doing little things with a strong desire to please God makes them really great. 
Don't ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
Don't ask what your community can do for you. Ask what you can do for your community. 
Don't attempt to run from the past, it is always behind you.
Don't be afraid of opposition; Remember a kite rises against, not with the wind.
Don't be afraid of the dark, be afraid of what it hides...
Don't be afraid of tomorrow, for God has already been there.
Don't be afraid to learn. Knowledge is weightless, a treasure you can always carry easily.
Don't be angry at a friend who told your secret, for neither could you keep it to yourself.
Don't be concerned others not appreciating you. Be concerned about your not appreciating others. 
Don't be irreplaceable -- if you can't be replaced, you won't be promoted.
Don't believe them who say that they will follow you like your shadow; because shadows disappear in darkness.
Don't be so Heavenly minded that you do no earthly good.
Don't be so humble, you're not that great. 
Don't borrow sorrow from tommorrow!
Don't control, be in control. 
Don't count the days, make the days count. 
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Don't ever slam a door- you may want to go back.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. 
Don't find fault, find a remedy. 
Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you.
Don't get good at doing something if you don't like doing it.
Don't get married only because of the money. You can borrow it cheaper. 
Don't gripe about your church; if it was perfect, you couldn't be a member.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. 
Don't just get something out of church, put something into it.
Don't kill the dream - execute it!
Don't learn the tricks of the trade, learn the trade.
Don't let anybody walk trough your mind with dirty feet. 
Don't let people drive you crazy when it is within walking distance.
Don't let the littleness in others bring out the littleness in you.
Don't let time take control of your destiny. Let your destiny take control of your time. 
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. 
Don't let your life slip through your fingers by living in the past or for the future.
Don't let you mind wander. It is too little to be left alone.
Don't limit your challenges - challenge your limits.
Don't listen to what I say; listen to what I mean.
Don't love the things you own, lest they own you.
Don't make someone a priority, who only makes you an option.
Don't marry for money - you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't measure your life by how many breaths you take, measure it by how many times you get your breath taken away.
Don't pray for easy lives; pray to be stronger people. Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers; pray for powers equal to your tasks. Then the doing of your work shall be no miracle, but you shall be a miracle. Every day you shall wonder at yourself, at the richness of life which has come to you by the grace of God. 
Don't protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends.
Don't read beauty magazines. They will only make you feel ugly. 
Don't run through life so fast that you forget not only where you've been but also where you're going.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Louis Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo DaVinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Don't seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise: seek what they sought. 
Don't speak of secret matters in a field that is full of little hills. 
Don't spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you have now was once among the things you only hoped for. 
Don't stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles. 
Don't sweat the petty things, and don't pet the sweaty things.
Don't take life too seriously, you'll never get out of it alive. 
Don't tell a man how to do a thing. Tell him what you want done, and he'll surprise you with his ingenuity. 
Don't tell God how big your problems are...tell your problems how big your God is.
Don't think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm. 
Don't think you're on the right road just because it's a well-beaten path.
Don't wait for the hearse to take you to church.
Don't wait for your ship to come in. Row out to meet it.
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow.
Don't wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. 
Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.
Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you. 
Don't worry that there won't be a tomorrow, it's already tomorrow in Australia.
Do one thing at time, with supreme excellence. 
Do's and don'ts influence wills and won'ts.
Do what you love and love what you're doing, and you'll never work another day in your life.
"Do you believe in life after death?" the boss asked one of his employees. "Yes, Sir." the new recruit replied. "Well, then, that makes everything just fine," the boss went on. "After you left early yesterday to go to your grandmother's funeral, she stopped in to see you."
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. 
Dream but always with your eyes wide open.
Dreams come true, without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. 
Drink wet cement and get really stoned.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
Drive carefully, we need every taxpayer we can get.
Drive-In banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners. 
Due to financial difficulties the light at the end of the tunnel has temporarily been switched off.
During a carnival, men put masks over their masks. 
During the minister's prayer one Sunday, there was a loud whistle from one of the back pews. Gary's mother was horrified. She pinched him into silence, and after church, asked: "Gary, whatever made you do such a thing?" Gary answered soberly: "I asked God to teach me to whistle. . . And He just then did!"
Dusty bibles lead to dirty lives.
Duty over desire - may that inspire.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy but socially dead. 
Eat and drink with your relatives; do business with strangers. 
Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may diet.
Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Education and intelligence aren't the same thing!
Eighty percent of life's satisfaction comes from meaningful relationships. 
Engineer: a person who knows a great deal about very little and who goes along knowing more and more about less and less, until finally he knows practically everything about nothing.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. 
Enthusiasm can be like a fire that needs an occasional poke with a stick.
Equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is a balanced diet.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day, but you wouldn't go scheduling your day by it would you? Then by the same token don't put too much faith in science.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until he starts to work.
Even a short pencil is more reliable then the longest memory.
Even if I'm not asleep, that doesn't mean I'm awake.
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there! 
Even in a pile of manure, a flower will grow.
Even Popeye didn't eat his spinach until he absolutely had to.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Even though a marriage is made in heaven, the maintenance work has to be done here on earth!
Events are less important than our response to them.
Eventually you will reach a point when you stop lying about your age and start bragging about it.
Everybody has a photographic memory. . . . Some don't have film.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Every closed eye is not sleeping; and every open eye is not seeing.
Every crown is made for a head, but every head is not made for a crown.
Every day there's sad news and bad news, but each day itself is glad news.
Every fool knows that he cannot reach the stars but it never keeps a wise man from trying. 
Every girl should use what mother nature gives her before father time takes it away.
Every good friend once was a stranger.
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it.
Every man dies; not every man really lives.
Every man reaps what he sows, except the amateur gardener.
Everyone leaves footprints in you memory, but the ones that leave footprints in your heart are the ones you will truely remember. 
Everyone needs to be loved . . . especially when they do not deserve it.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength. 
Everyone wants to go to Heaven, yet no one wants to die.
Every person is a fool in somebody's opinion. 
Every successful man I have heard of has done the best he could with conditions as he found them, and not waited until the next year for better. 
Every ten seconds, somewhere on this earth, there is a woman giving birth to a child. She must be found and stopped.
Everything is possible; just not too probable.
Everything that can be counted doesn't necessarily count; everything that counts can't necessarily be counted. 
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. 
Every truth has two sides; it is well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either. 
Everywhere children are schooled to become masters at answering questions and to remain novices at asking them. 
Examine what is said, not who speaks. 
Excuses are the easiest things to manufacture, and the hardest things to sell.
Expectations are for the unsure. 
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.
Expect people to do better than they are..it helps them to become better; but, don't be disappointed when they are not- it helps them to keep trying.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.
Extraordinary: it is the "extra" that make us more than ordinary.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. 
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities. 
Failure is no more fatal than success is permanent.
Failure is opportunity in disguise.
Failure is the only opportunity to begin more intelligently. 
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservations. 
Faith is not believing that God can, but that God will!
Faith is not faith until it's all you're holding on to.
Faith is personal, but never private.
Faithless is he who quits when the road darkens.
Faith makes all things possible. Love makes all things easy. Hope makes all things work.
Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible and receives the impossible!
Falling in love is awfully simple.
Falling out of love is simply awfull.
Fanatics are the first to betray their beliefs in order to defend them.
Far too many people spend their lives reading the menu instead of enjoying the banquet.
Fate decides who walks into your life, you decide who you let stay, who you let walk away, and who you refuse to let walk out.
Fat people are harder to kidnap.
Faults are thick when love is thin.
Fear doesn't overwhelm you; you let fear overwhelm you.
Fear grows from what we don't know, faith comes from what we do.
Fear knocked at the door. Faith answered and no one was there.
Feed you faith and your doubts will starve to death!
Few men have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder. 
First things first! But not necessarily in that order.
Five out of four people have trouble with fractions.
Flattery is telling others exactly what they think of themselves.
Flirtation...Attention without intention.
Flowers will not grow but die if they don't get rained on every once in a while.
Fools learn from experience. Wise men learn from the experience of others 
Fools look to tomorrow, wise men use tonight.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Fools rush in - and get all the best seats.
Foot: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Forbidden fruit creates many jams.
Forget yourself when with others and others will not forget you.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. 
Forgiveness is like the fragrance a flower gives after it's been stepped on.
Forgiveness is the best remedy for any injury.
Forgiveness is unlocking the door to set someone free and realising you were the prisoner! 
For God is not against us because of our sin. He is with us; against our sin.
For good or ill, your conversation is your advertisement. Every time you open your mouth you let the people look into your mind. 
For people who like peace and quiet: a phone less cord.
For the child of God, death is when the earth recedes and heaven opens up.
Four things come not back: the spoken word, the spent arrow, the past, and the neglected opportunity. 
Four-word story of failure: Hired, tired, mired, fired.
Freedom is doing what you know is right without fear.
Freedom is not the right to do as you please, but the liberty to do as you ought.
Friends are chocolate chips in the cookie of life!
Friends are like puzzle pieces. If one goes away, that special piece can never be replaced and that puzzle will never be whole again.
Friends are like stars. You may not always see them but you know they are always there
Friendship: a building contract you sign with laughter and break with tears.
Friendship is a golden chain, the links are friends so dear, and like a rare and precious jewel It's treasured more each year.
Friendship is not about who came first or who cares the most. It is all about who came in your life and never left.
Friendship should not be sought, but is usually found both by chance and good luck.
Funny how a dollar can look so big when you take it to church, and so small when you take it to the store.
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
Fun is a good thing, but only when it spoils nothing better. 
Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need. 
Give according to your income, lest God will make your income like your giving.
Give a man a fish and he won't starve for a day. Teach a man how to fish and he won't starve for his entire life. 
Give God what's right, not what's left!
Give to a pig when it grunts and a child when it cries, and you will have a fine pig and a bid child. 
Give us clear vision that we may know where to stand and what to stand for, because unless we stand for something, we shall fall for anything. 
Goals are dreams with deadlines.
God alone is the judge of true greatness because He knows men's hearts. 
God answers knee-mail.
God can mend a broken heart but he must have all the pieces.
God creates a worm for every bird - but He does not throw it in the nest.
God didn't promise us it would be easy or painless; He just promised us it would be worth it!
God doesn't ask your ability or your inability. He asks only your availability. 
God doesn't call people who are qualified. He calls people who are willing, and then He qualifies them. 
God doesn't discriminate ... only religions do.
God gave us memories, that we might have June roses in the December of our lives. 
God gave us time so that everything wouldn't happen all at once.
God gave us two ears but only one mouth . . . Some people say that's because He wanted us to spend twice as much time listening as talking. Others claim it's because He knew listening was twice as hard as talking.
God gives every bird its food but he doesn't throw it to its nest.
God gives us faces; we create our own expressions.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. 
God has given us two ears, but one tongue, to show that we should be swift to hear, but slow to speak.
God has set a double fence before the tongue, the teeth and the lips, to teach us to be wary that we offend not with our tongue. 
God had promised salvation to your repentance, but he has not promised tomorrow to your procrastination.
God heals, and the Doctor takes the Fee. 
God is not moved or impressed with our worship until our hearts are moved and impressed by Him. 
God is too kind to do anything cruel; too wise to make a mistake; too deep to explain Himself.
God loves everyone, but probably prefers "fruit of the Spirit" over "religious nuts!"
God loves us not because of who we are, but because of who He is.
God loves us the way we are, but too much to leave us that way.
God loves you right where you are but he doesn't want to leave you there. 
God never said it would be easy .... He just said He would go with me. 
God put me on earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind, I will live forever.
God puts some in places of leadership to shoulder responsibility, not to enjoy privileges.
God sends no one away empty, except those who are full of themselves. 
God so loved the world that He did not send a committee.
God's will will not lead you where His grace cannot keep you.
God tries our faith so that we may try His faithfulness.
God wants spiritual fruit, not religious nuts.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic.
Golden Rule: Those who have the gold rule.
Good intentions are like seed pods that blow away in the wind, but good acts are like the seed planted in fertile soil.
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good leaders are like baseball umpires; they go practically unnoticed when doing their jobs right. 
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. 
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws. 
Good taste is boundless, while bad taste knows no bounds.
Good works are the fruit of salvation not the root.
Grace is the divine ability to cope with every circumstance.
Grandparents: the people who think your children are wonderful even though they're sure you're not raising them right.
Great men may die, but there ideas won't. 
Greed is a lasting slavery. 
Growing old is like watching a great river erode your property and knowing you are helpless to stop it. 
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
Guests and fish start to stink after two days. 
Habit is a cable; we spin a thread of it every day and at last we can not break it.
Half of the world's misery comes from ignorance. The other half comes from intelligence. 
Handicapped is not helpless.
Handle yourself using your brain but handle others with your heart.
Happiness depens on happenings but joy depends on Christ.
Happiness is a path, not a destination.
Happiness is like a butterfly, which when pursued is just beyond your grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly may alight upon you. 
Happiness is not something you have in your hands; it is something you carry in you heart.
Happiness is what happens to us when we try to make someone else happy.
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have.
Happy laughter and family voices in the home will keep more kids off the streets at night than the strictest curfew.
Hard work doesn't harm anyone, but I do not want to take chances.
Hard work has future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Hard work spotlights the character of people; some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all! 
Hate is like swallowing poison and waiting for the other person to die.
Hating hate does not mean you love love.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. 
Have less. Do less. Be more. 
Have you ever noticed how the contents of a box are much more interesting before the box is opened?
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee.
Having someplace to go to is home. Having someone to love is family. Having both is a blessing.
Having the right to do it, doesn't mean it is right to do it.
Having your lawyer pay for lunch will be very expensive in the end.
Heaven is where the police are British, the mechanics German, the cooks are French, the lovers Italian, and all is organize by the Swiss.
Hell is where the police are German, the mechanics are French, the cooks are British, the lovers are Swiss, and it's all organized by the Italians!
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help. 
He has Van Gogh's ear for music.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose. 
He is not afraid of work, you can tell by the way he fights it.
He is not ready to lose a minute of his life, but he's ready to lose his life in a minute.
Hell has no exits.
Heaven needs none.
Hell has no fire escapes.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Herblock's Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't. 
Here's to you and here's to me and may we never disagree, but if we do I'll still love you.
Her hair glistened in the rain like nose hair after a sneeze. 
Heroes and winners aren't the same thing.
He that can't endure the bad will not live to see the good. 
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that other's slaves. 
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another. 
He that lets the small things bind him, leaves the great undone behind him.
He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes....
He who angers you controls you!
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. 
He who blames others has a long way to go on his journey.
He who blames himself is halfway there. He who blames no one has arrived.
He who breaks a thing to find out what it is, has left the path of wisdom. 
He who builds to every man's advice will have a crooked house. 
He who buys what he does not need steals from himself.
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe is as good as dead; his eyes are closed. 
He who cannot forgive breaks the bridge over which he himself must pass. 
He who can take no interest in what is small, will take false interest in what is great.
He who dies with the most toys, is, nonetheless, still dead.
He, who doesn't hope to win has already lost. 
He who fails to prepare, prepares to fail.
He who feels that he is too small to make a difference has never been bitten by a mosquito.
He who has no Christmas in his heart will never find Christmas under a tree.
He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit.
He who is not grateful for the good things he has would not be happy with what he wishes he had.
He who laughs last thinks slowest!
He who receives a good turn should never forget it; he who does one should never remember it.
He who sees the calamity of other people finds his own calamity light. 
He who slings mud looses ground.
He who stands for nothing, falls for anything.
He who wrestles with us, strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skills. Our antagonist is our helper. 
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the victors.
History repeats itself, but each time the price goes up.
Hoffer's law: When people are free to do what they want they usually imitate one another.
Holding on to a hurt creates more hurt.
Hollywood's a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss, and fifty cents for your soul. 
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger. 
Hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out. 
Hospital is a place where they wake you up to give you a sleeping pill.
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home -- even when you wish they were.
Hot heads and cold hearts never solved anything.
Housework is something you do that nobody notices until you don't do it.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. 
How far you go in life is determined by how tender you are with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with those striving, and tolerant with the weak and strong, because some day in life you will have been all of them.
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
How would you like to spend eternity: Smoking or Non-Smoking?
Hugs are not measured by quantity; they are measured by quality.
Humans are like tea bags. They never realize their strength until they are put in hot water.
Human things must be known to be loved: but Divine things must be loved to be known.
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost
Hurt people hurt people. Whole people heal people.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
I always knew that looking back on my tears would someday make me laugh, but I never knew that looking back on my laughter would someday make me cry.
I always thought looking back on the times I cried would make me laugh; but I never knew looking back on the times I laughed would make me cry.
I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back.
I always win. Except when I lose, but then I just don't count it.
I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. 
I am a poet and did not know it.
I make a rhyme every time.
I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 96% how I react to it.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship. 
I am not an organ donor, but I once gave an old piano to the Salvation Army.
I am not religious, I just love the Lord.
I am so glad God sees the whole video tape of my life, and not just a snapshot of where I am now.
I am sorry I offended you - I should have lied.
I am the master of my unspoken words, and a slave to those that should have remained unspoken. 
I am the world's greatest authority on my own opinion.
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me. 
I asked Mom if I was a gifted child...she said they certainly wouldn't have paid for me.
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen. Not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. 
I believe in the Big Bang theory. God spoke and BANG! It was.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. 
I believe the time we really look big in a child's eyes is when we go to them and apologize for our mistakes and we say, 'I was wrong. Will you forgive me?' 
I can calculate trajectories, I can analyze chemical compositions so why can't I figure out where the other sock is after using the dryer? 
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
I can get more out of God by believing Him for one minute than by shouting at Him all night. 
I can lead you to the water but I can't let you drink.
I can not and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions. 
I can teach my cat any trick he wants to do!
I care not what others think of what I do, but I care very much about what I think of what I do. That is character! 
I close my eyes in order to see.
I could drown in a frown and swim in a smile.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Ideas are funny little things, they won't work unless you do.
I decided to take an aerobics class. I bent, twisted, gyrated and jumped up and down for an hour. But, by the time I got my leotards on, the class was over.
I dialled one of those 900 numbers to get some financial advice. They advised me not to dial 900 numbers.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. 
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
I'd love to make up my mind, but I can't remember where I left it.
I don't believe you can do today's job with yesterday's methods and be in business tomorrow. 
I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion, I'd be irresponsible too.
I don't feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use. 
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
I don't know how I got over the hill without getting to the top.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. 
I don't know what tomorrow holds, but I know who holds tomorrow.
I don't know what weapons will be used in world war three, but in world war four people will use sticks and stones. 
I don't know why no one ever thought to paste a label on the toilet-tissue spindle giving 1-2-3 directions for replacing the tissue on it. Then everyone in the house would know what Mama knows.
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.
I don't need your attitude I have one of my own.
I don't think of all the misery, but of all the beauty that still remains. 
I don't think so, therefore I'm probably not. 
I don't understand Christianity, nor do I understand electricity, but I don't intend to sit in the dark until I do!
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. 
I'd rather do something and fail than do nothing and succeed!
If a bird is flying for pleasure, it flies with the wind, but if it meets danger it turns and faces the wind, in order that it may rise higher. 
If absence makes the heart grow fonder, some people must really love church.
If a church wants a better pastor, it can get one by praying for the one it has. 
If A is a success in life, then A equals X plus Y plus Z. Work is X; Y is play; and Z is keeping your mouth shut. 
If all else fails, read the directions.
If all the misfortunes were laid in one common heap whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be contented to take their own and depart. 
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If a man does not make new acquaintance as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, Sir, should keep his friendship in constant repair.
If a man is called to be a street-sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, "Here lived a great street-sweeper who did his job well." 
If a man is not there for you at your worst, he does not deserve to see you at your best.
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size? 
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilisation.
If danger's a step away, safety's step away.
If evolution was true, mothers would have more than two hands.
If God didn't forgive Heaven would be empty.
If God is your co-pilot, switch seats with Him!
If he was any slower, he'd be going in reverse.
If I am not free to fail, I'm not free to take risks, and everything in life that's worth doing involves a willingness to risk failure. 
If I can only be with you in my dreams, then I want to sleep forever.
If I could grasp a hint of innocence ,or exude some of the purity, that so freely flows from my little girls eyes, then I would have learned something about being her father. 
If I did not laugh, I should die.
If I eat equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is that a balanced diet?
If I had my life to live over I would have burned the pink candle sculpted like a rose before it melted in storage.
If I had my life to live over I would have cried and laughed less while watching television - and more while watching life.
If I had my life to live over I would have eaten the popcorn in the 'good' living room and worried much less about the dirt when someone wanted to light a fire in the fireplace.
If I had my life to live over I would have gone to bed when I was sick instead of pretending the earth would go into a holding pattern if I weren't there for the day.
If I had my life to live over I would have invited friends over to dinner even if the carpet was stained and the sofa faded.
If I had my life to live over I would have sat on the lawn with my children and not worried about grass stains.
If I had my life to live over I would have taken the time to listen to my grandfather ramble about his youth.
If I had my life to live over I would have talked less and listened more.
If I had my life to live over I would never have insisted the car windows be rolled up on a summer day because my hair had just been teased and sprayed.
If I knew grandchildren were going to be this much fun, I would have had them first!
If I never had a bad day, how would I know whether I was having a good day?
If innocence can leave guilt can come.
If it is to be, it is up to me!
If it is worth doing, it is worth overdoing!
If I try to be like him, who will be like me?
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought. 
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
If life deals you a lemon, make lemonade.
If life were a novel, then dead would mark the end of the first chapter...
If life were easy, then it would be boring.
If love was a raindrop I would send you a shower
If hope was a minute I would send you an hour
If happiness was a leaf I would send you a tree
If you need a friend you will always have me!
If money could talk, it would say goodbye.
If nobody knows the troubles you've seen, then you don't live in a small town.
If our gifts are not surrendered to God, we tend to beat people over the head with them.
If raindrops were kisses, I would send you a storm.
If someone is standing between you and God, guess who's closer to God.
If someone is too tired to give you a smile, leave one of your own, because no one needs a smile as much as those who have none to give.
If someone says something unkind about me, I must live so that no one will believe it.
If success attend me, grant me humility; If failure, resignation to Thy will.
If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise. 
If the church wants a better pastor, it only needs to pray for the one it has.
If the desire to need is measured by the value of something, then you my darling are quite simply priceless.
If the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, maybe yours needs a little more tending.
If the grass on the other side of the fence appears greener...it must be all the fertiliser they are using!
If the human brain was simple enough for us to understand we'd be so simple we couldn't understand.
If there is no enemy within, the enemy out side can do us no harm. 
If there was any justice in this world, oil company executive bathrooms would smell like the ones in their gas stations.
If the road you travel, has no obstacles, It leads nowhere.
If the wind stops, row!
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If there are no tears in the eyes, there will be no rainbow in the soul.
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If things get better with age, I'm approaching magnificent!
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
If voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
If we are walking in joy, we are trusting God.
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
If we'd confess our sins to one another we'd all laugh at the lack of originality.
If we don't control our money, it will control us.
If we don't know our own history, we are doomed to live it.
If weak in prayer we are weak everywhere.
If we preach what we live....We don't ever have to worry about practicing what we preach!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got.
If you are headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns.
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances.
If you are not big enough to lose you are too small to win.
If you are not enjoying your work, you should either change your attitude, or change your job.
If you are not fired with enthusiasm, then you will be fired with enthusiasm.
If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
If you are willing to admit you are wrong when you are wrong, you are all right.
If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation.
If you believe everything you read, don't read
If you came and you found a strange man teaching your kids to punch each other, or trying to sell them all kinds of products, you'd kick him right out of the house, but here you are; you come in and the TV is on, and you don't think twice about it.
If you can attend a church meeting without fear of harassment, arrest, torture, or death...you are more blessed than three billion people in the world.
If you can keep your head while all about are losing theirs and blaming it on you - perhaps you have underestimated the seriousness of the situation.
If you can laugh with a person, you can work with a person.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
If you can solve your problem, then what is the need of worrying? If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying?
If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to serve as a horrible warning.
If you can't be content with what you have received, be thankful for what you have escaped.
If you can't control the wind, adjust your sail.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.
If you can't laugh at yourself, you may be missing the joke of the century.
If you can't say something nice, become a reporter.
If you can't sleep, don't count sheep. Talk to the Shepherd.
If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
If you could kick the person responsible for most of your troubles in the backside, you wouldn't be able to sit down for two weeks.
If you decide not to choose then you've already made the wrong choice!
If you depend on others to make you happy, you will be endlessly disappointed.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
If you don't have time to do it right, you must have time to do it over.
If you don't know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere.
If you don't know where you're going how do you expect to get there.
If you don't like something about yourself, change it. If you can't change it, accept it.
If you don't like the road you're walking, pave another one.
If you don't like the way you were born, try being born again.
If you don't love, you can't live; if you don't live, you can't love.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
If you don't want your children to hear what you're saying, pretend you're speaking directly to them.
If you do your best, don't mind the rest.
If you drop a white glove into the mud, the glove will get muddy but the mud will never get glovey.
If you ever need a helping hand, there is one at the end of your arm.
If you fail to prepare, you prepare to fail.
If you find a four-leaf clover, it means you have entirely too much time on your hands.
If you follow in others footsteps you will never leave yours behind.
If you gave me something I need more than you do, you've given me a gift; If you've given me something you need more than I do, you've gifted me with love.
If you get to thinkin' you're a person of some influence, try orderin' somebody else's dog around.
If you give 100%, God will make up the difference!
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
If you have food in the refrigerator, clothes on your back, a roof overhead, and a place to sleep...you are richer than 75% of this world.
If you have money in the bank, in your wallet, and spare change in a dish someplace...you are among the top 8% of the world's wealthy.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent. 
If you haven't all the things that you want, be thankful for all the things that you don't have that you didn't want.
If you haven't much education you must use your brain.
If you have the desire, you are halfway there.
If you have time to worry, you have time to pray.
If you have trouble getting your children's attention, just sit down and look comfortable.
If you judge people, you will have no time to love them.
If you laugh a lot, when you get older your wrinkles will be in the right places.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it.
If you let go of the past, it no longer has a hold on you.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
If you love something set it free....If it comes back to you it is yours, if it doesn't than it was never meant to be.
If you need time alone, try cleaning the house.
If you only have the Word, you will dry up. If you only have the Spirit, you will blow up. But if you you have the Word and the Spirit, you will go up and grow up.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
If you receive something that says "Send this to all your friends", please consider me not your friend.
If your vision doesn't scare you, then both your vision and your God are too small.
If you set the example, you won't need to set many rules. 
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. 
If you step in a puddle, don't blame the puddle.
If you still have the courage after loosing all , you can be rest assured that you have not lost everything.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. 
If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur. 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
If you think you are getting too much government these days, just be happy that you're not getting all you are paying for.
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito. 
If you treat a man as he is, he will remain as he is; if you treat him as he ought to be and could be, he will become as he ought to be and could be. 
If you treat every situation like a life or death matter, be prepared to die a lot of times.
If you understand something today, it must be obsolete.
If you wait to have kids until you can afford them, you probably never will.
If you want a thing well done, do it yourself. 
If you want breakfast in bed, then start sleeping in the kitchen.
If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders. 
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap.
If you want happiness for a day, go fishing.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help somebody. 
If you want something done, ask someone who is busy!
If you want to be a leader with a large following, just obey the speed limit on a winding, two-lane road. 
If you want to be well liked never lie about yourself, and be careful when telling the truth about others.
If you want to feel rich, just count all of the things you have that money can't buy. 
If you want to play, practice.
If you want to win, practice harder.
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
If you will always insist that you are right, people will think that there is something wrong with you. 
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people. 
If you woke up this morning with more health than illness...you are more blessed than the million who will not survive this week.
Ignorance of one's misfortunes is clear gain. 
I had dreams and I've had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams.
I have all the money I'll ever need - if I die by 4 today. 
I have changed my mind a dozen times. It seems to work better now.
I have discovered the whole problem with the National Debt. Most of us work 5 days a week, and the government spends 7.
I have gotten to the age where I need my false teeth and hearing aid before I can ask where I left my glasses.
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. 
I have faith in fools, my friends call it self-confidence.
I have learned that heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done, regardless of the consequences. 
I have learned that no matter how good a friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in a while and you must forgive them for that. 
I have learned that two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different. 
I have never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep. In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
I have no particular talent, I am merely extremely inquisitive. 
I have no problem keeping secrets. It's the people I tell...
I haven't lost my mind, I know exactly where I left it.
I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand. 
I just got lost in thought. . . . It was unfamiliar territory.
I just want to turn on the light and have it work...I don't want to know where the electricity comes from.
I know Karate! ...and several other Japanese words.
I know UNIX, PASCAL, C, FORTRAN, COBOL, and nineteen other high-tech words.
I know you know what I think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
I like pigs better than cat and dogs. Dogs are subservient and look up to man. Cats are aloof and look down on man. A pig, however, will look you in the eye, and see his equal. 
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. 
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble. 
I lost twenty pounds. Unfortunately, I was in England at the time.
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting system through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in. 
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. 
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't; and a sense of humour to console him for what he is. 
In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty.
I'm old enough to know better but I'm still to young to care.
Impossibility simply means I'm possibility. 
I'm serious; it was a joke.
I must say that I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a book. 
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something less, because passing civilisation along from one generation to the next ought to be the highest honour and the highest responsibility anyone could have.
In a full heart there is room for everything, and in an empty heart there is room for nothing. 
In cities no one is quiet but many are lonely.
In the country, people are quiet but few are lonely.
In communism, man oppresses man.
In capitalism, it's the other way around.
Incontinence Hot line...Can you hold please.
In essentials, unity; in nonessentials, liberty; in all things, charity. 
Initiative is the ability to do the right thing.. efficiency is the ability to do the thing right.. effectiveness is doing the right things.
Ink drys, paper burns, but what is written in the soul will last an eternity.
In life, what happens to you isn't as important as what happens in you. 
In many cases stress is caused, not by the event itself, but rather by our response to the event.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. 
I no longer worry about being a brilliant conversationalist. I simply try to be a good listener. I notice that people who do that are usually welcome wherever they go. 
In order to keep a true perspective of one's importance, everyone should have a dog that will worship him and a cat that will ignore him. 
In our search for truth let us not be influenced by what is easiest to believe.
In places of delight, there are no clocks.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. 
In spite of the cost of living, it's still quite popular.
Instead of singing the Doxology phrase "Praise all creatures here below," a little girl sang instead, "Praise all preachers, here we go." It made sense to her because everybody sang it at the end of the service, just as they were leaving.
Integrity is the cornerstone of trust.
Integrity is when what you say, what you do, what you think, and who you are all come from the same place. 
Intelligence is like underwear, everyone has it but you don't have to show it off.
Intercessory prayer might be defined as loving our neighbour on our knees. 
In the 60's people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird, people take prozac to make it normal.
In the dark dreary nights when the storm is at its most fierce the lighthouse burns bright so the sailors can find their way home again. In life the same light burns. This light is fuelled with love, faith, and hope. And through lifes most fierce storms these three burn their brightest so we also can find our way home again.
In the long run we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving. 
In the pasture of life, don't be a cowpie.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life; it goes on.
In your life you will love someone so much you could eat them, then you will get married and wish you had.
I once saw this sign on a diner wall: "I have an agreement with the bank: they don't fry hamburgers, and I don't cash checks."
I only work to enjoy when I am not working.
I refuse to engage in an intellectual battle with an unarmed man.
I ran up the door, closed the stairs, said my pajamas, put on my prayers, turned off the bed, jumped in my light, all because you kissed me goodnight.
I rather lose a second in my life, than my life in a second.
I signed up for an exercise class and was told to wear loose fitting clothing. If I "had" any loose fitting clothing, I wouldn't have signed up in the first place!
Is ignorance or apathy the biggest problem with the world today?
I don't know and I don't care.
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists? 
It doesn't matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice. 
It doesn't matter if you win or lose until you lose.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is; it's always room-temperature.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
I think if I have a good breakfast I could go without food for the rest of the day. I think that until about lunchtime.
I think I've found the trouble with our economy. There are far more ways to get into debt, than there are to get out of it.
It is always the ones who talk loudest who do the least.
It is amazing how many people want to live a long life, and yet so few want to grow old.
It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away. 
It is a pleasure to give advice, humiliating to need it, and normal to ignore it. 
It is a poor workman who blames his tools.
It is a small world, but I wouldn't like to have to paint it.
It is as necessary for men to hear the Gospel, as it was for Christ to die.
It is better to be 5 minutes late than dead for 5 minutes. 
It is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for what you're not!
It is better to deserve honours and not have them than to have them and not deserve them. 
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. 
It is better to forget and smile, than to remember and be sad.
It is better to have bad breath than to have no breath at all.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all. 
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
It is better to live day by day for you might not be here tomorrow.
It is better to regret something you did, rather than to regret something you didn't do.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and prove it.
It is better to sleep on what you intend doing than to stay awake over what you've done.
It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot. 
It is difficult but not impossible to conduct strictly honest business. What is true is that honesty is incompatible with the amassing of a large fortune. 
It is difficult to "go with the flow" when you are swimming upstream.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
It is easy to be flexible when one is spineless!
It is easy to have a balanced personality. Just forget your troubles as easily as you do your blessings.
It is far better to be alone, than to wish you were.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
It is funny how we can see this outside world using our eyes; and we can see someone's inside world looking into their eyes.
It is good to be a Christian and you know it, but it is better to be a Christian and show it!
It's good to have money and all the things that money can buy, but it's good too, to make sure you haven't lost the things that money can't buy. 
It is hard to face the problem, when the problem is your face.
It is hard to read a cartoon aloud.
It is hard to stumble when you're on your knees.
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial charges and blamed it on the cost of living.
It is important to stay cool, but be sure to not get frostbite.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. 
It is impossible to overestimate the immense need that humans have to be listened to, understood, and taken seriously.
It is my hearts desire that I must be no more, that He be known more. 
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct. 
It is never easy being a mother.
If it were easy, fathers would do it.
It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
It is not against the law to be stupid, but it is stupid to be against the law.
It is not always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
It is not a war on drugs; it's a war on people.
It is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.
It is not how busy you are, but why you are busy- the bee is praised, the mosquito is swatted.
It is not how much of your money you are going to give to God, but how much of God's money you are going to keep for yourself.
It is not how much we do, but how much love we put into doing it.
It is not how much we give, but how much love we put into giving. 
It is not, how much you know...It is making the best use of what you know !
It is not raining. The sky leaks.
It is not 'seeing' the light that impacts one's life; it is never 'ceasing' to see the light that impresses one's life, spirit, heart and soul. 
It is not talking but walking that will bring us to heaven. 
It is not that I disagree with you, it is just that I'm not in full accord.
It is not that we don't know the right answers, it is just that we don't ask the right questions. 
It is not the difference between people that is the difficulty; it is the indifference.
It is not the employer who pays wages- he only handles the money...It is the product that pays wages.
It is not the load that breaks you down; it's the way you carry it. 
It is not the lofty sails but the unseen wind that moves the ship.
It is not the moutain ahead that's wearing me out, it's the grain of sand in my shoe.
It is not the people who tell all they know that cause most of the trouble in the world- it's the ones who tell more.
It is not the relation which is important, but the relationship that is important!
It is not the size of the dog in the fight but the size of the fight in the dog.
It is not the speaker who controls communication, but the listener.
It is not the years in your life, but the life in your years that count. 
It is not what a teenager knows that worries his parents. It's how he found out.
It is not what's right about war, it's about what's left.
It is not what they say about you, it's what they whisper.
It is not what you are that holds you back, it is what you think you are not. 
It is not what you gather but what you scatter that tells what kind of life you have lived.
It is not what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy.
It is what you think about. 
It is not your position that makes you happy or unhappy, it's your disposition.
It is okay to visit your past just don't bring any luggage with you.
It is OK to let your mind go blank, but please turn off the sound.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
It is one's attitude at the beginning of a task which will, more than anything else, determine its outcome.
It is our responsibility, not ourselves that we should take seriously.
It is risky not to take risk. If you don't take risk, risk will take you.
It is seldom easy to do what's right or right to do what's easy.
It is strange how an earthquake 4,000 miles away seems less of a catastrophe than the first scratch on your new car.
It is taken me all my life to understand that it is not necessary to understand everything. 
It is the pain of sacrifice or the pain of regret.
It is the wounded oyster that mends its shell with the pearl.
It is time to quit playing church and start being the church. 
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.
It is when we forget ourselves that we do things that are most likely to be remembered.
It is wonderful what God can do with a broken heart, if He gets all the pieces. 
It is your attitude and not your aptitude that determines your altitude. 
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose
I try to lose weight, but it keeps finding me.
It takes a day to find a friend, a moment to lose them but a lifetime to forget them.
It takes less time to do the thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
It takes more money to amuse todays children than it took to educate their parents.
It takes years to build up trust, and only seconds to destroy it.
It was all so different before everything changed.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
I used to be Snow White...but I drifted. 
I used to cry for I had no shoes to wear until I saw a man with no feet.
I used to have a photographic memory, but it was never developed....
I used to want to pack as much as I could into my life, but now I realize it's more about quality of life than quantity. 
I value all things only by the price they shall gain in eternity. 
I've learned that if someone says something unkind about me, I must live so that no one will believe it.
I've learned to pick my battles; I ask myself, "Will this matter one year from now? How about one month? One week? One day?"
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is a temporary situation.
I've suffered a great many catastrophes in my life. Most of them never happened. 
I've to say NO to the good so I can say YES to the best.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather ... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car ...
I was going to waste, but Jesus recycled me.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam. I looked into the soul of the boy next to me. 
I wear my wife's eyeglasses because she wants me to see things her way. 
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.
Jesus accepts you the way you are, but loves you too much to leave you that way. 
Jesus did not come to make God's love possible, but to make God's love visible.
Jesus is the man God intended all humans to be.
Jesus paid a debt he didn't owe because we had a debt we couldn't pay.
Just as war is more the absence of love than the presence of hate, and darkness is the absence of light, a negative attitude is the absence of a positive one.
Just because a person grows older, it doesn't mean he necessarily grows up.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Justice without force is powerless. Force without justice is tyrannical. 
Just when I was getting used to yesterday along came today.
Karl Marx's Mother: If Karl, instead of writing a lot about capital, had made a lot of it ... it would have been much better.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you too, can become great. 
Keep your head and your heart in the right direction and you will not have to worry about your feet.
Keep your head in the clouds.. you're the first to know when it rains, and it's easier to see the silver lining.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. 
Kids need love the most when they're acting most unlovable. 
Killing time murders opportunities.
Kindness: a language the deaf can hear, the blind can see, and the mute can speak.
Kindness has converted more sinners, than zeal, eloquence or learning. 
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. 
Kisses are like tears, the only real ones are the ones you can't hold back.
Knowing what to say is not always necessary; just the presence of a caring friend can make a world of difference. 
Knowing without doing is like plowing without sowing.
Knowledge is of two kinds: we know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. 
Knowledge is proud she knows so much; wisdom is humble that she knows no more. 
Knowledge speaks, wisdom listens.
Language is the dress of thought. 
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it!
Laughter is a smile with the volume turned up.
Laughter is like changing a baby's diaper. It doesn't permanently solve any problems, but it makes thing more acceptable for awhile.
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of the heart.
Laughter is the jam on the toast of life; it adds flavour, keeps it from becoming too dry, and makes it easier to swallow.
Laws are like sausages. It's better not to see them being made.
Lawyer: Larval stage of Politician.
Laziness is the mother of all vice... but, it's a mother and you should respect her! 
Leaders help others to succeed. 
Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self importance.
Leadership is the ability to get men to do what they don't want to do and like it. 
Learn from other people's mistakes, life isn't long enough to make them all yourself.
Learning history is easy. Learning its lessons is almost impossible.
Learn to listen, opportunity often knocks softly.
Learn to say no. It will be of more use to you than to be able to read Latin. 
Leave loved ones always with loving words. It may be the last time you see them.
Let me give so much time to the improvement of myself that I shall have no time to criticize others. 
Let nature take its course and hope it passes.
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. 
Let perseverance be your engine and hope your fuel. 
Lets face it, the world would be a boring place without oppressive governments. If we were free to do or say whatever we wanted, it wouldn't be exciting to do or say anything. 
Let us realize that the privilege to work is a gift, that power to work is a blessing, that love of work is success. 
Let us so live that when we die even the undertaker will be sorry. 
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. 
Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% of how you respond to it.
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds you down or polishes you up, depends upon what you're made of.
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all the time and have the time of your life.
Life is fragile ... handle with prayer.
Life is full of surprises. Just say "never" and you'll see.
Life is hard, no one makes it out alive.
Life is like a box of chocolates; you never know when you'll find a nut.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. 
Life is like a game of tennis; the player who serves well seldom loses.
Life is like a grammar lesson. You find the past perfect and the present tense.
Life is like a ladder, the higher you climb, the more expansive your view is. 
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off layer by layer and sometimes you cry.
Life is much like writing in ink : All you can do is read over your past and look forward to a blank page for your future that will soon be filled with words that can never be erased. 
Life is not fair, but life is not fair for everyone. That makes life fair.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. 
Life is really a bed of roses, others are just lucky to have friends to help them pick the thorns off.
Life is so much simpler when you tell the truth.
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.
Life is too short to long for money.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. 
Life is what you have while you are waiting to have one.
Life itself cannot give you joy unless you really will it.
Life just gives you time and space. Its up to you to fill it.
Life just gives you time & space; it's up to you to fill it.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... Pointless. 
Light travels faster then sound... which is why most people appear brilliant until you hear them.
Like all great travelers, I have seen more than I remember; and I remember more than I have seen.
Listening and hearing are two different senses.
Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf. 
Little differences - like a letter in a word - make all the difference in the world.
Live by what you trust, not by what you fear.
Live each day as if it were your last, but learn from each day as if you will live forever.
Live for Jesus now and spend the rest of eternity in the non-smoking section.
Live so that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
Live your life from your heart. Share from your heart. And your story will touch and heal people's souls. 
Live your own life, for you will die your own death. 
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear-view mirror.
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so. 
Looking back, may I be filled with gratitude;
Looking forward, may I be filled with hope;
Looking upward, may I be aware of strength;
Looking inward, may I find peace.......
Lord, be merciful, shut me up when my life speaks so much louder than my words.
Lord give me an answer, or give me the patience to wait for one, just do it now please!
Lord grant me the courage to do the things I can, the serenity to accept the things I can't, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Lord, make my words soft and tender for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
Lord, may others treat me tomorrow as I have treated them today.
Lord, so far today I've not been grumpy, selfish, greedy, envious, proud, or angry. I'm really pleased about that. But in a few minutes now, I'm going to get up and from then on, I'll probably need a lot more help.
Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change; where we are right, make us easy to live with.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. 
Love and Time: The only two things in all of life and all the world that cannot be bought, but spent.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.
Love God more than you fear hell.
Love has reasons that reason knows nothing of.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. 
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love is not a game, so don't be a player.
Love is not blind; it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less. 
Love is not finding a perfect person, it is seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
Love is not just gazing at each other but looking together in the same direction.
Love is not paid back only passed on. 
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity. 
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another is essential to your own. 
Love is the irresistible desire to be desired irresistibly.
Love is the one word that we use every day, and the one word that words cannot define.
Love is the only capable force of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Love is the only fire hot enough to melt the iron obstinacy of a creature's will.
Love is the unity of two hearts beating together as one.
Love is when you don't want to go to sleep because reality is better than a dream.
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, and the romance in a relationship, and find out you still care for that person.
Love, like paint, can make things beautiful when you spread it, but it simply dries up when you don't use it.
Love makes a house a home.
Love many, trust few, and always paddle your own canoe.
Love reckons hours for months, and days for years; and every little absence is an age. 
Love sees no colour.
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better. 
Love: the only game that two can play and both can win.
Love the sinner but hate the sin. 
Love was not put in your heart to stay.
Love is not love until you give it away.
"LSD melts your mind, not in your hand"
Luck is a loser's excuse for a winner's position!
Lust is pure passion.
Love tempers passion with reason. 
Make crime pay, become a lawyer. 
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Make no judgments where you have no compassion. 
Make your life a mission, not an intermission. 
Making enemies out of friends is easy.
Making friends out of enemies is difficult, but it is actually worthwhile.
Making your good times count and not forgeting your bad times makes a man sucessful.
Man and the turtle are very much alike. Neither makes any progress without sticking his neck out.
Man blames fate for other accidents, but feels personally responsible when he makes a hole-in-one!
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has courage to lose sight of the shore.
Man is a peculiar creature. He spends a fortune making his home insect-proof and air-conditioned, and then eats in the yard.
Man's way leads to a hopeless end! Gods way leads to an endless hope!
Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would not have chosen a suit by it. 
Many a man thinks he is buying pleasure, when he is really selling himself to it. 
Many Christians debate whether the devil is on earth or in hell. Can he dwell in Christians or only in the world? The fact is: the devil is in darkness. Wherever there is spiritual darkness, there the devil will be.
Many folks want to serve God, but only as advisers.
Many people lose their tempers merely by seeing you keep yours.
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
Many people spend their health for wealth, and then try to spend their wealth for health. 
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
Marital problems? You don't need a new wife, you need a new life!
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery. 
Marriage - is an expensive way of getting your laundry done for free.
Materialism is buying things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people who don't matter.
Maturity has more to do with what types of experiences you've had and what you've learned from them and less to do with how many birthdays you've celebrated.
Maturity is the ability to do a job whether or not you are supervised, to carry money without spending it and to bear an injustice without wanting to get even. 
Maturity means being emotionally and mentally healthy. It is that time when you know when to say yes, when to say no, and when to say WHOOPEE!
Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction. 
May every day of your life together be worse than the next. 
May there always be work for your hands to do;
May your purse always hold a coin or two;
May the sun always shine on your windowpane;
May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain;
May the hand of a friend always be near you;
May God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you.
May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you are dead. 
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy and enough money to buy gifts.
May your life be long and useful like a roll of toilet paper.
May your love be filled with life and may your life be filled with love. 
May your trouble be like the old man's teeth...few and far between.
Men always want to be a woman's first love. Women have a more subtle instinct; what they like to be is a man's last romance.
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. 
Men moet altijd het vergeetboekje bij zich dragen, anders houd je geen enkele vriend over.
Men tell you the facts, but God will tell you the truth!
Men will spend their health getting wealth. Then, gladly pay all they have earned to get health back. 
Middle age starts when you have been warned to slow down, not by a motorcycle cop, but by your doctor.
Minds, like parachutes, only function when they are open.
Money comes and goes, but people last for a lifetime. 
Money glitters, beauty sparkles, and intelligence shines.
Money is an excellent servant, but a horrible master.
Money is like unspreadable butter, you try and spread it but it all lumps together at one end of the bread.
Money is nice, yet nice is worth more.
Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.
Moral rules are directions for running the human machine. Every moral rule is there to prevent a breakdown, or a strain, or a friction, in the running of that machine. 
More doors are opened with "please" than with keys.
Mosquitoes are a great moral force; it forces mankind to wear more clothes that modesty.
Most accidents happen at home - maybe we should move.
Most books now say our sun is a star. But it still knows how to change back into a sun in the daytime.
Most great men and women are not perfectly rounded in their personalities, but are instead people whose one driving enthusiasm is so great it makes their faults seem insignificant. 
Most of our suspicions of others are aroused by our knowledge of ourselves.
Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be important. 
Most of us are pretty good at keeping promises to others and pretty bad at keeping promises to ourselves. 
Most of us spend our lives as if we had another one in the bank. 
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most people want to serve God -- but only in an advisory capacity.
Most would rather be ruined by praise than saved by critisism.
Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they started.
Murphy's Law isn't recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.
My advice to you is to get married. If you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not you'll become a philosopher.
My aim is that when my hands will work no longer, that the works of my hands will still continue to keep on working.
My best friend and I can do anything or nothing and have the best time.
My biggest problem is that I believe almost everything I tell myself.
My "check engine" light came on the other day. I popped the hood, and looked, the engine is STILL there! Silly light . . .
My children need love the most when they deserve it the least. 
My eyes may be closed, but my mind is not asleep.
My father said there are two kinds of people in the world: givers and takers. The takers may eat better, but the givers sleep better.
My five-year-old daughter was asked by her teacher what her father does, and she replied, "Whatever my Mom tells him to."
My goal in life is to be the sort of person my dog thinks I am.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there. 
My kids always perceived the bathroom as a place where you wait it out until all the groceries are unloaded from the car. 
My mind contains many good ideas, but it is not always easy to squeeze one out.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. 
My parents worked hard to give us everything money could not buy.
My theory on housework is, if the item doesn't multiply, smell, catch on fire or block the refrigerator door, let it be. No one cares. Why should you? 
My wife invited some people to dinner. At the table, she turned to our six-year-old daughter and said, "Would you like to say the blessing?" I wouldn't know what to say," she replied. "Just say what you hear Mommy say," my wife said. Our daughter bowed her head and said: "Dear Lord, why on earth did I invite all these people to dinner?"
My worst day of vacation has always been better than my best day at work.
Nature's laws are the invisible government of the earth. 
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. 
Need some time to be alone, try washing the dishes!
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. 
Never argue with a stupid person. First they'll drag you down to their level, then they will beat you with experience.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic.
Never confuse having a career with having a life.
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
Never fear shadows... they simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby.
Never interrupt your opponent while he is making a mistake 
Never let a problem become an excuse!
Never mistake motion with action. 
Never overlook wallflower at dance; may be dandelion in grass. 
Never run from your fears. Because when they catch up to you you're too tired to fight.
Never say anything unless it is kind, necessary and true.
Never seek the wind in the field. It is useless to try and find what is gone. 
Never stand between a dog and a tree.
Never take counsel of your fears. 
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. 
Never try to make anyone like yourself. You know, and God knows, that one of you is enough. 
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
Never wrestle with a pig. You both get all dirty, and the pig likes it.
New and improved: if it's new it's not improved; if it's improved it's not new.
Next to the originator of a good sentence is the first quoter of it. 
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. 
No amount of darkness can hide a spark of light.
No answer is also an answer.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it. 
Nobody is perfect... I am Nobody!!!
Nobody plans to fail, they just fail to plan.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. 
No God - No Peace. Know God - Know Peace.
No happy time is really gone, if it leaves a special memory.
No horse goes as fast as the money you bet on him.
No individual raindrop ever considers itself responsible for the flood.
No Jesus - No Love. Know Jesus - Know Love.
No life without the sun, no Life without the Son.
No man ever injured his eyesight by looking on the bright side of things.
No man ever repented on his deathbed of being a Christian. 
No man is a failure who has friends. 
No man is rich enough to buy back his past. 
No man is too big to be kind...but many men are too little. 
No man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions.
No matter how far you have gone on a wrong road, turn back. 
No matter how good a friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in a while and you must forgive them for that.
No matter what happens Today. You must remember that...Today will be Tomorrow's past, and Tomorrow will be Today. 
No matter what you want to do, there's always something else that has to be done first.
Non-smoking area: If we see you smoking we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one ever injured his eyesight by looking on the bright side of things.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one is responsible for all the things that happen to him, but he is responsible for the way he acts when they do happen.
No one plans to fail but people can fail to plan.
No one should live by the early bird policy without finding out whether he classifies as a bird or a worm.
No one would remember the good Samaritan if he had only good intentions. He had money as well. 
No prayer is spoken too softly to be heard. 
No sense being pessimistic. It wouldn't work anyway.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Not being beautiful was the true blessing. Not being beautiful forced me to develop my inner resources. The pretty girl has a handicap to overcome. 
Note on a door: Out to lunch; if not back by five, out for dinner also.
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts. 
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. 
Nothing is as soft as water, yet who can withstand the raging flood? 
Nothing is as strong as gentleness: nothing so gentle as real strength. 
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely. 
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Nothing seems expensive on credit. 
Nothing seems impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing seems to bring on an emergency as quickly as putting money aside in case of one.
Nothing shows a man's character more than what he laughs at. 
Nothing tastes as good as slim feels.
Notice: The only person getting his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
Not our activity for Him but our captivity to Him!
Nowadays we are consumed by desires to buy things we do not need, with money we do not have, to impress people we do not like. 
Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is. 
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. 
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest of these is: "It might have been".
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart. 
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.
Of course men can multitask, they read on the toilet.
Of course, there's now a higher percentage of seat belt users. The non-users are slowly being killed off.
Often a man owes his success to his first wife and his second wife to his success. 
Often, the only way to comfort the suffering is to understand that you can't understand and just be there.
Oh Lord, help me to keep my big mouth shut until I know what I'm talking about.
Oh, the worst of all tragedies is not to die young, but to live until I am seventy-five and yet not ever truly to have lived. 
Old hippies never die, they just surrender to society. 
On a display of "I love you only" Valentine cards: Now available in multi-packs.
On a front door: Everyone on the premises is a vegetarian except the dog.
On anniversaries the wise husband may forget the past... but better never forget the present.
On a very cold, snowy Sunday in February, only the pastor and one farmer arrived at the village church. The pastor said, "Well, I guess we won't have a service today." The farmer replied: "Heavens!, if even only one cow shows up at feeding time, I feed it."
Once the game is over, the king and the pawn go back into the same box. 
One afternoon after a rainstorm, I noticed one of the most beautiful rainbows I had ever seen. I called my 3-year-old daughter, Ashley, to the door so we could go outside and look at it together. With wide eyes she carefully studied it until finally she looked at me and said, "But, Mommy, where is the ark?"
One can resist an intrusion of armies but not an idea whose time has come. 
One good thing about being wrong is the joy it brings to others.
One good thing about forgetting is that you can no longer worry about what ever it was you forgot.
One half of the world will never understand the other half, and it doesn't matter which half you're in.
One man with courage is a majority. 
One must learn how to lose before learning how to play. 
One of life's mysteries is how a two-pound box of candy can make a person gain five pounds.
One often learns more from ten days of agony than from ten years of contentment. 
One of the ceaseless wonders of the world is the power of a smile. 
One of the most important things a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
One of the most important things in communication is to hear what is not being said. 
One of the most lasting pleasures you can experience is the feeling that comes over you when you genuinely forgive an enemy - whether he knows it or not. 
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. 
One of the surest hindrances to the recovery of the sick is the centring of attention upon themselves. 
One reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One thing you can give and still keep, is your word.
One time a windshield wiper will work properly is when it is holding a parking ticket.
One unable to dance blames the unevenness of the floor. 
One who looks for a friend without faults will have none.
One with God is a majority. 
One Youngster was explaining to another what "mixed emotions" meant. "It's like watching the school burn down when your new catcher's mitt is in your desk," he said.
Only boring people get bored. 
Only in America do people order double cheese burgers, a large fries, and a diet coke.
Only in America do we leave cars worth thousands of dollars in the driveway and leave useless things and junk in boxes in the garage.
Only one life, it will soon be past.
Only what's done for Christ will last. 
Only the winners decide what were war crimes. 
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. 
On the first day of school, the Kindergarten teacher said, If anyone has to go to the bathroom, hold up two fingers. A little voice from the back of the room asked: "How will that help?"
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Open your mind to God's wisdom, open your soul to God's peace, open your heart to God's love and all three will stay with you forever. 
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming.
Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them. 
Opportunity is a bald man with a beard: You can catch him coming, but you can' t catch him going.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. 
Opportunity is often inconvenient.
Optometrist's office: If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place.
Originality is the art of concealing your source. 
Others may argue your beliefs, but they can't refuse your love.
Our arms are the only ones God has to hug His children.
Our backgrounds and circumstances may have influenced who we are, but we are responsible for who we become.
Our character is shaped as much by our failures as it is by our successes. 
Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than look back.
Our five senses are incomplete without the sixth - a sense of humor.
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. 
Our marriage was a love match pure and simple; she was pure and I was simple.
Our toaster works on either AC or DC, but not on bread. It has two settings: too soon or too late. 
Outer agitation reveals inner instability.
Overheard during a particular long sermon, "If we give him the money now, Mommy, will he let us go?"
Passion: A feeling you feel when you feel a feeling you've never felt before. 
Passion: there are many things in life that will catch your eye, but only a few will catch your heart...pursue those.
Patience accomplishes its object, while hurry speeds to its ruin. 
Patience is how you act while you're waiting. 
Patience is the silken cord on which are strung the pearls of virtue.
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes
Peace is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of God. 
People and their managers are working so hard to be sure things are done right, that they hardly have time to decide if they are doing the right things. 
People are funny. They want the front of the bus, middle of the road, and the back of the church.
People are like tea bags - You have to put them in hot water before you know how strong they are!
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges 
People are made to be loved and things are made to be used. There is much chaos in this world because things are being loved and people are being used.
People are never too busy to tell you all that they have to do.
People do not care how much you know, till they know how much you care! 
People do not plan to fail, they just fail to plan.
People forget how fast you did a job- but they remember how well you did it.
People forget what you said.
People in power need the power of prayer.
People laugh because I'm different, I laugh because they're all the same.
People may not always believe what you say, but they will believe what you do.
People never say, "It's only a game", when they're winning.
People pick bad things from bad company very quickly but good company takes a good time to gift good things to them.
People say walking on water is a miracle, but to me walking peacefully on earth is the real miracle. 
People seem to get nostalgic about a lot of things they weren't so crazy about the first time around.
People travel to wonder at the height of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motion of the stars.... and they pass by themselves without wondering. 
People want the front of the bus; back of the church and centre of attention.
People who are often in a hurry imagine they are energetic, when in most cases they are simply inefficient. 
People who do the world's real work don't usually wear neckties.
People who have heard me sing, say I don't. 
People who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either of them being made.
People who think they're out of this world always make you wish they were.
People who value their privileges above their principles, soon lose both.
People who want by the yard, but try by the inch, should be kicked by the foot !
People will believe most anything that is whispered to another.
People with true character show it when nobody else is present.
People would enjoy life more if, once they got what they wanted, they could remember how much they wanted it.
People would worry less about what others think of them if they only realised how seldom they do.
Perhaps the dominant force in the average life is possessions. Life becomes a scramble for gain instead of a mission for God. We are so busy making a living that we forget to make a life.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
Philosophy can not be attained from text on a page... it comes from with the soul. 
Plan ahead: It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark!
Please do not complain about the coffee. You'll be old and weak someday, too!
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance. 
Politics: Poly (many) + ticks (bloodsucking parasites)
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Poverty is a condition with but one advantage, it doesn't take much to improve your lot.
Poverty never spoils a good man, but prosperity often does.
Poverty within is as dangerous as poverty without. 
Power works best in the hands of those who don't want it.
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself.
Praise your children openly, reprove them secretly. 
Prayer does not cause faith to work, faith causes prayer to work. 
Prayer is the key to Heaven, but faith unlocks the door. 
Praying is hard; living without it is harder.
Preach the Gospel at all times ... if necessary, use words. 
Precious is the parrot who is trained by a clean tongue.
Presence is more than just being there. If your absence doesn't make any difference, your presence won't either.
Pretty much all the honest truth telling in the world is done by children. 
Pride is something we have. Vanity is something others have.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes. 
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Professor to noisey students: "Every time I open my mouth some fool speaks."
Promises are meant to be kept, for they are like precious pearls in an ocean, their value is high and quality genuine and true, and once they are made they can never be broken.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Proverbs contain within one or two lines the lessons of lifetime.
Public transportation notice: "When you exit this vehicle, please be sure to lower your head and watch your step. If you fail to do so, please lower your voice and watch your language. Thank you."
Put your creed in your deed.
Quality is presence of value and not absence of mistake.
Quality rather than quantity determines your success.
Quieting the chattering mind promotes directed action.
Quotations are sometimes valuable pearls, but original thoughts can be priceless treasure.
Quoting one is plagiarism.
Quoting many is research.
Raise your voice and your dignity is lowered. 
Rather than trying to find the right person, try being the right person.
Reach for the moon. If you miss, you may fall on a star. 
Reading the Bible without meditating on it is like trying to eat without swallowing.
Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
Recipe; a series of step-by-step instructions for preparing ingredients you forgot to buy, in utensils you don't own, to make a dish the dog won't eat.
Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one.
Relationships can be boring - not people!
Relationships-- of all kinds-- are like sand held in your hand. Held loosely, with an open hand, the sand remains where it is. The minute you close your hand and squeeze tightly to hold on, the sand trickles through your fingers. You may hold onto some of it, but most will be spilled. A relationship is like that. Held loosely, with respect and freedom for the other person, it is likely to remain intact. But hold too tightly, too possessively, and the relationship slips away and is lost. 
Remember boys, flies spread disease so keep yours closed. 
Remember that failure is an event - not a person.
Remember the golden rule: he who has the gold makes the rules.
Remember, your relatives had no choice in the matter either.
Repentance is never something to be ashamed of.
Repentance is sorrow for the deed..not for getting caught.
Reputation is made in a moment: character is built in a lifetime.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. 
Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die. 
Respect cannot be learned, purchased or acquired- it can only be earned.
Respect is mutual, if you don't respect others viewpoints, chances are they won't acknowledge yours.
Revenge has no more quenching effect on emotions, than salt water has on thirst.
Rich earn; smart learn.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time. I think I've forgotten this before.
Sanctification means being made one with Jesus so that the disposition that ruled Him will rule us. It will cost everything that is not of God in us. 
Save time ... see it my way.
Saying remain meaningless until they are embodied in actions. 
Say what you mean, mean what you say, but don't say it mean.
Science without religion is lame; religion without science is blind. 
Second place is the first loser.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Sentences that begin with "all women" are never, never true. 
Serve Locally - Pray Globally
Seven days without prayer makes one weak.
Sex is like nose picking. It's fine as long as you practice it yourself, but it's disgusting watching someone else doing it. 
Shared suffering brings people together faster than anything else does.
Share love and it grows; share sorrow and it lessens.
Share your smile with everyone, but save your kiss for only one.
She is an expert housekeeper: every time she gets divorced, she keeps the house.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars. 
Show a little bit of your anger everyday instead of showing a lot of it on one day.
Show me a man who cannot bother to do little things, and I'll show you a man who cannot be trusted to do big things. 
Show me a man with both feet on the ground, and I'll show you a man who can't put on his pants.
Sign at a crematorium: Urn more. Pay less.
Sign at animal shelter, Children left unattended will be given a puppy or a kitten.
Sign at the Pavlov Institute: Knock: Please don't ring bell.
Silence is frequently misinterpreted, but it is never miss quoted.
Silence is golden but shouting is fun.
Silence is the only thing that can't be misquoted!
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power. 
Silence is wise if we are foolish, but foolish if we are wise.
Silver's law: If Murphy's law can go wrong it will.
Since I have smashed my denominational glasses, I have a better vision of who Christ is.
Since thou art not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour. 
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special regard to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you. 
Sing like you know the words; dance like no one's watching; and love like it's never going to hurt.
Sin wouldn't be so attractive, if the wages were paid immediately.
Sit next to a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute. Sit on a red-hot stove for a minute, it seems like an hour. That's relativity. 
Skier; one who pays an arm and a leg for the opportunity to break them.
Slight not what's near, while aiming at what's far. 
Smile is contagious; just smile at someone and see their reaction.
Smile! It increases your face value.
Smile.... it makes others wonder what you're thinking.
"Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. 
So many people will walk in and out of your life, but those who leave foot prints are true friends.
Somebody once figured out that we have 35 million laws trying to enforce 10 commandments.
Some books have table of contents; others have no contents. 
Some cause happiness wherever they go; Others whenever they go.
Some goals are so worthy, it's glorious even to fail.
Some have the wisdom of old age and the energy of youth. Most have the wisdom of youth, and the energy of old age.
Some minds are like concrete... all mixed up and permanently set.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. 
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
Someone who thinks logically is a nice contrast to the real world.
Some open minds should be closed for repairs.
Some people are about as helpful as a porcupine in a balloon factory. 
Some people are alive only because it is illegal to kill them.
Some people are bitter, some sour, others are sweet. Who you hang out with depends on your taste.
Some people are wise, and some are otherwise. 
Some people attend church three times in their lives: when they're hatched, when they're matched, and when they're dispatched.
Some people change when they see the light, others when they feel the heat. 
Some people drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge, while some others only gargle.
Some people grin and bear it. Others smile and change it.
Some people hate waking up and getting out of bed. I enjoy it. I do it three or four times a day.
Some people have all the commitment of a kamikaze pilot on his tenth mission. 
Some people just don't take advice, they have to hit their own head off the wall to believe it will hurt!!
Some people reach the top of the ladder of success only to find it is leaning against the wrong wall.
Some people take too much of vitamin "I".
Some people think holding on makes them strong, sometimes its letting go.
Some persons don't know the difference between thinking for yourself, and thinking of yourself.
Some succeed because they are destined to. But most succeed because they are determined to.
Some things that cost $5 to buy several years ago now costs $10 just to repair.
Sometimes God doesn't tell us His plan because we wouldn't believe it anyway. 
Sometimes I know that there is intelligent life on other planets because they haven't tried to contact us.
Sometimes it costs more to do nothing than to do something.
Sometimes it's easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let her sleep.
Sometimes life can be as bitter as dragon tears. But whether dragon tears are bitter or sweat depends entirely on how each man perceives them. 
Sometimes providences, like Hebrew letters, must be read backward. 
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push. 
Sometimes the majority only means that all the fools are on the same side.
Sometimes the Lord calms the storm.
Sometimes He lets the storm rage and calms His child.
Sometimes to be headstrong, is to be brain-weak. 
Sometimes we all have days where we are 386's in a P4 world.
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
Soul-winning and missions is the life blood of the church.
Space is a dangerous place...especially if it's between your ears!
Speak softly. If you really want to be heard, lower your voice. 
Speak when you are angry and you'll make the best speach you'll ever regret. 
Spotted on a desk: Of course I don't look busy ... I did it right the first time.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by traffic from both sides. 
Start by doing the necessary, then the possible and suddenly you are doing the impossible. 
Statistics is like a Bikini; what is revealed is suggestive, but what is concealed is vital.
Sterilise: what you do to your first baby's pacifier by boiling it and to your last baby's pacifier by blowing on it.
'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can shatter my soul.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
Stride and strut goeth before a fall; tried and true goeth before a raise.
Strip us of our skin and we are all the same within.
Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralising. 
Strong expressions create deep impressions. 
Stupidity is NOT a handicap! PARK ELSEWHERE!
Suburbia is where the bulldozers have knocked down all the trees and the planners rename the roads after them. 
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Success comes in cans, not can't s.
Success hinges on a passion for excellence. 
Success in marriage is more than finding the right person. It's becoming the right person.
Success is a ladder that can not be climbed with your hands in your pockets.
Success is getting up just one more time than you fall down.
Success is not forever, and failure is not fatal. 
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You have got to set your self on fire for it. 
Success is relative - the more success, the more relatives.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. 
Success: its an never ending improvement in what you do.
Success occurs when opportunity meets preparation.
Success of today resulted from the failure of yesterday.
Succes should not go to head and failure should not go to heart. 
Suffering well borne is better than suffering removed.
Surely it's no coincidence that the word "listen" is an anagram of the word "silent".
Sweet is the remembrance of troubles when you are in safety. 
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Tact is the ability to tell your boss that he is open-minded when you know he has a hole in his head.
Take care of your character and your reputation will take care of itself.
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go for it. 
Take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it. 
Talent hits the target which no one else can hit; genius hits the target which no one else can see.
Talent is useless without training, thank God. 
Talk is cheap, barbers give it away free with haircuts.
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself. 
TEAM: Together Everyone Achieves More.
Tears are the baptism of the soul.
Teenagers express their burning desires to be different by dressing exactly alike.
Teenager with nose rings, baggy clothing and spiked hair to a friend: "I don't really like dressing this way, but it keeps my parents from dragging me everywhere they go."
Television is bubble gum for the eyes. 
Television is the single greatest threat to communication and intimacy within a family. You may as well be fifty miles away from the person sitting next to you if you're both watching television.
Television ruins more minds than drugs.
Telling the boss what a good worker you are is worth 1%..showing him is worth 96%.
Telling the truth and making someone cry is just as bad as telling a lie and making someone smile!
Temptation resisted is the true measure of character. 
That place is so crowded, nobody goes there anymore. 
That which is acquired without difficulty is dispersed with equal facility.
That which was hard to endure is sweet to remember.
That which you cannot give away, you don't possess; it possesses you.
The 50-50-90 rule: Any time you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
The act of giving is more important than the merit of the receiver. 
The ad in the paper said 'Big Sale. Last Week.' Why advertise? I already missed it. They're just rubbing it in. 
The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress. 
The answer to having a better life is not about getting a better life, it's just about changing how we see the one we have right now. 
The attitude within is more important than the circumstances without.
The axe soon forgets, but the tree always remembers. 
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. 
The bank of friendship cannot exist for long without deposits.
The beginning of anxiety is the end of faith.
The beginning of true faith is the end of anxiety.
The beloved of the Almighty are the rich who have the humility of the poor, and the poor who have the magnanimity of the rich. 
The best bridge between hope and despair is often a good night's sleep.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails = 4 given
The best of battles are won on our knees...
The best leader is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. 
The best revenge is a vow to never be like the one who hurt you.
The best things in life aren't things. 
The best time to plant an oak tree is 20 years ago, the next best time is right now!
The best way to beat your enemy is to beat him at politeness.
The best way to get back on your feet: miss a car payment.
The best way to have the last word is to apologize.
The best way to keep your kids out of hot water is to put some dishes in it.
The best way to overcome temptation is to avoid the tempting situation.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbours, and also to love our enemies; probably generally they are the same people. 
The biggest liar you'll ever have to deal with probably watches you shave his face in the mirror every morning.
The biggest man you ever did see once was a baby.
The block of granite that was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak became a stepping stone in the pathway of the strong.
The British have a reputation for keeping calm even when there is no crisis.
The burdens of the world on my back lightens the world not one whit, while removing them greatly decreases my specific gravity.
The business of preaching is to comfort the disturbed and to disturb the comfortable.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. 
The cheapest gift I have to give is kindness, and it is the best. 
The Chinese word for "crisis" contains two characters. One of them means "opportunity".
The church is looking for better methods. God is looking for better men.
The cold absolute truth is much more preferred than a kind and uncertain lie. 
The collapse of character begins with compromise.
The Congress is a strange place where people get up and speak, nobody listens, and then everyone disagrees at the top of their lungs.
The contented person is never poor. The discontented is never rich.
The deepest waters make the least noise. 
The definition of luck is when opportunity meets preparation.
The definition of virtue: Insufficient temptation. 
The degree of panic is the degree of the lack of personal spiritual experience with God. 
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it. 
The desire of love is to give. The desire of lust is to get.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut is about a week.
The difference between men and boys .... is the price of their toys.
The difference between a rebel and a patriot is wether who is in power.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. 
The distinction between a manager and a leader is as broad as the distance between control and inspiration.
The doctor is not able to operate the notable, because he has no table!
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The easiest thing to be in the world is you.
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
The easiest way to grow up is to surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on forecasters.
The envious praise me unknowingly. 
The essential sadness is to go through life without loving. But it would be almost equally sad to leave this world without ever telling those you loved that you love them.
The eyes of men speak words the tongue cannot pronounce. 
The farther backwards you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see. 
The fastest way to find something you've lost is to replace it.
The fellow who has no money is poor; the fellow who has nothing but money is poorer still.
The fellow who is fired with enthusiasm for his work is seldom fired by his boss.
The first 90% of project takes 90% of the time, the last 10% takes the other 90% of the time.
The first duty of love is to listen. 
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose. 
The foundation of relationships is based on the premise of mutual purpose.
The funny thing about common sense, it ain't all that common.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. 
The gap between advice and help is very wide.
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past. 
The glass is not half-empty, it's just twice as big as it needs to be.
The greatest actions of love often got unnoticed.
The greatest fool of all is the man who fools himself.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own. 
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot. 
The greatest strength a champion can hold is humility. 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
The greatest tragedy is when man gives up what he wants most for what he wants now!
The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist.
The great lie of the news media: "I am the public".
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. 
The Greek words recorded in the Gospels when Jesus died, translated in English as "It is finished" were the same words used in bills of sale and meant "paid in full. 
The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
The heart has reasons which reason does not understand.
The heart that loves is always young. 
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions. 
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. 
The horn of plenty is usually the one behind you in traffic!
The idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
The insane create worlds, the sane live in them... the sane create cages, the insane live in them. 
The Iron Rule: Don't do for others what, given the chance, they wouldn't do for themselves.
The key to happiness is not fixing your problems but changing your attitude towards your problems.
The larger the lake of knowledge the longer the shore of wonder.
The last 7 words of a dying church: "We never did it like that before".
The latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
The law is a rule to the fool, but a guide to the wise.
The lesson is what you read in the fine print. The experience is what you get when you don't.
The liar's punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else. 
The little boy greeted his grandmother with a hug and said, "I'm so happy to see you grandma. Now maybe daddy will do the trick." The grandmother was curious. "What trick is that my dear," she asked. The little boy replied, "I heard daddy tell mommy that he would climb the walls if you came to visit us again."
The longer you wait, the better the date. 
The Lord loves a cheerful giver. He also accepts from a grouch.
The Lottery is a tax on people who are bad at math.
The love of parents for their child is measured by the length they will go to compete with the world for the love of that child.
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing - and the main thing is Christ. 
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on. 
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything. 
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one. 
The mark of a saint is not perfection, but consecration. A saint is not a man without faults, but a man who has given himself without reserve to God. 
The meaning of life is not a question to be answered, but an event to be experienced.
The measure of a man is not the number of servants he has, but the number of people he serves.
The measure of greatness is not found in your accomplishments. Its in how much discouragement it takes to stop you.
The memory of bad quality lasts longer than the shock of high prices.
The mind can only stand what the butt can endure.
The mind is like a parachute, it's no good unless it's open!
The mind of a poet begins with an H and ends with a T, listening with an EAR in between. 
The minute you start talking about what you are going to do if you lose, you have lost. 
The moral test of any society is how is treats its weakest: children, elderly, sick, needy and handicapped. 
The more I know the more I know I don't know.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
The most beautiful discovery two friends can make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
The most important thing in the application development is the name. An application will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable application.
The most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: Management. 
The next time the devil reminds you of your past, remind him of his future.
The nice thing about standards is, there are so many to choose from.
The noblest revenge is to forgive. 
The obstacle to discovery is not ignorance, but the illusion of knowledge.
The older I get, the older old is.
The older I get, the smarter my Dad gets. 
The old rule of an eye for an eye leaves everybody blind.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
The only difference between fear and adventure is how much you breathe. 
The only justification for ever looking down on someone is to lift them up. 
The only limitations to God are in our mind.
The only man who is a bigger fool than the one who knows it all is the one who will argue with him.
The only new thing in this world, is the history you did not know. 
The only place you can win a football game is on the field. The only place you can lose it is in your head. 
The only routine with me is no routine at all. 
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
The only stupid question is the question you don't ask.
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The only thing I like about the stones that come in my way is, once I pass across them, they automatically become my milestones!
The only thing worse than an ignorant man is an ignorant man with a bible.
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
The one thing you can give and still keep is your word.
The only thing you have to do is breathe; Everything else is just optional.
The only way to be free is to limit yourself. 
The only way to make a dream come true is to wake up and live it.
The opinion of the intelligent is better than the certainty of the ignorant. 
The optimist says, "My cup runneth over, what a blessing." The pessimist says, "My cup runneth over, what a mess."
The optimist sees opportunity in every danger; the pessimist sees danger in every opportunity. 
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds.
The pessimist fears it is true.
The palest ink is better than the strongest memory. 
The Pastor said, "Today I've prepared a $10 sermon on fire and brimstone that will take me about an hour and half to deliver, and I've prepared a $50 sermon on the evils of sin that will take about 45 minutes to give, and I've got a 10 minute $100 sermon on love and generosity. We'll take the collection at this time to see which one y'all vote for."
The penalty for success is to be bored by the people who used to snub you. 
The person who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
The person who says he trusts no one should include himself.
The pessimist complains about the direction of the wind, the optimist expects the direction to change, but the leader simply adjusts the sails!
The people who holler "All power to the people!" want power to be handed to the people who holler "All power to the people!".
The price of greatness is responsibility. 
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance. 
The propeller is just a big fan in the front of the plane to keep the pilot cool. Want proof? Make it stop; then watch the pilot break out into a sweat.
The purpose of all prayer is to find God's will and to make that will our prayer. 
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
The purpose of prayer is not to get answers, things or anything - not even holiness. Valuable though they are, all of those are side effects. The purpose of prayer is to get acquainted with God. Anything else is a bonus. 
The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action.
The quest for beauty is a quest for love.
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket.
The quickest way to receive love is to give love; The fastest way to lose love is too hold it too tightly; In addition, the best way to keep love is to give it wings.
The real act of discovery is not in finding new lands, but in seeing with new eyes. 
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. 
The real problem concerning your leisure is how to keep other people from using it.
There are 10 types of people in the country, those who understand binary and those who don't.
There are 2 fools in every market: one asks too little, one asks too much. 
There are 400 hundred words in the dictionary that begin with "self" and only 8 that begin with "fellow".
There are days when it takes all you've got just to keep up with the losers. 
There are no hopeless situations -- only people who are hopeless about them. 
There are no passengers on spaceship Earth- we are all the crew.
There are no strangers in this world, just friends we've never met.
There are no substitutes for fresh air, sunshine and exercise.
There are only two kinds of people in the world - there are those who wake up in the morning and say, "Good morning, Lord," and there are those who wake up in the morning and say, "Good Lord, it's morning."
There are three billion women who don't look like super models and ONLY eight who do.
There are three dimensions to credit cards, length, width and debt.
There are three kinds of people: those who can count, and those who can't.
There are three sides to any story, my side, his side and the truth.
There are three things extremely hard; steel, a diamond and to know ones self.
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself; hire someone; or forbid your kids to do it.
There are three ways to obtain wealth: inheritance, luck, and hard work. None is guaranteed, but you have no influence over the first two.
There are times when forgetting can be just as important as remembering, and even more difficult.
There are too many mediocre things to deal with. Love shouldn't be one of them.
There are too many people praying for mountains of difficulty to be removed, when what they really need is courage to climb them.
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work, and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there. 
There are two theories about arguing with women. Neither one works.
There are two types of people in this world: those who leave a mark, and others who just leave a stain.
There are two types of people who can tell you the truth about yourself: an enemy who has lost his temper and a friend who loves you dearly.
There are two ways to be contented: one is liking what you do, and the other is doing what you like.
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
The reason why people do not obtain success is because it is disguised as hard work.
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about. 
There's a book that tells you where you should go on your vacation. It's called your checkbook.
There is a certain freedom in having nothing left to lose.
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path! 
There is a light at the end of every tunnel, just pray it's not a train.
There is always something to be thankful for. If you can't pay your bills, you can be thankful you are not one of your creditors.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first. When you learn to live for others, they will live for you. 
There is an "exception to every rule" - and most people think they are it.
There is a pill for every ill, and a bill for every pill.
There is a technical meteorological term for a sunny, warm day which follows two rainy days. It's called a "Monday."
There is never a right way to do the wrong thing.
There is no future in spending the present worrying about the past.
There is no future in time travel.
There is no "I" in team, but there is a "ME".
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. 
There is no such thing as a hole on your side of the canoe. 
There is no such thing as a 'self-made' person. We are made up of thousands of others. Everyone who has ever done a kind deed for us, or spoken one word of encouragement to us, has entered into the make-up of our character and of our thoughts, as well as our success. 
There is no such thing as government money, only taxpayer money. 
There is nothing as strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength. 
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it with reluctance.
There is nothing wrong in having nothing to say, unless you insist on saying it.
There is nothing wrong with people possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess people. 
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle. 
There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is not to be true to the best we know. 
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience. 
There is only one thing that feels better than to be loved... to love! 
There is some consolation in the fact that even if your dreams haven't come true- neither have your nightmares.
There is so much bad in the best of us and so much good in the worst of us that it doesn't behoove any of us to talk about the rest of us.
There is the story of a pastor who got up one Sunday and announced to his congregation: "I have good news and bad news. The good news is, we have enough money to pay for our new building program. The bad news is, it's still out there in your pockets."
There is truth in humor, but not humor in truth.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest. 
There was a break at the prison yesterday. An ex-fortune teller, described as being short with dark hair, broke out of prison. The public is advised to be on the lookout for a small medium at large.
The richest person in the world is not the one who still has the first dollar they ever earned. It's the person who still has their first friend. 
The rich invest; the smart investigate.
The road to a friends house is never long. 
The road to success is always under construction.
The safest way to cross life's streets is to hold hands.
The same sun that melts butter hardens clay. 
The search for wisdom is a great challenge; to act on wisdom is an even greater challenge. 
The secret of happiness is to admire without desire.
The secret of true greatness is simplicity.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. 
The ship is safer in the harbour, but it is not meant for that.
The silence of one man can be louder than the screaming of 10 boys!
The small print takes away what the big print grants!
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears.
The squeaking wheel doesn't always get the grease..sometimes it gets replaced.
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home. 
The sum of human knowledge is not contained in any one language.
The sun, reflecting upon the mud of strands and shores, is unpolluted in his beam. 
The taste of low quality lingers long after the satisfaction of low price.
The teacher smiled at her Sunday school group and exclaimed, "All right, class, all those who want to go to Heaven raise your hands." Everybody in the class had a hand raised, except one boy. "Don't you want to go to Heaven?" asked the teacher. "I can't ma'am. My mom wants me to come straight home."
The time to ensure that the toilet works is before you really need it.
The tip you leave now for lunch would have bought you one twenty years ago.
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. 
The tragedy of life is what dies in the hearts and souls of people while they live. 
The trouble is, by the time you have money to burn, the fire has gone out.
The true nature of a heart is seen in its response to the unattractive.
The truth will set you free...but first, it will make you miserable.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with man is two-fold; he cannot learn truths which are too complicated.. he forgets truths which are too simple.
The trouble with work is - it's so daily.
The truth is like ice water, it shocks you when it hits you, but no one's ever died from it.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. 
The vulgar only laugh, but never smile; whereas well-bred people often smile, but seldom laugh. 
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. 
The way to make the cold winter go fast is to sign a note in October that becomes due in six months.
The way you see people is the way you treat them.
And the way you treat them is what they become. 
The weak can never Forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the Strong. 
The weakest Christians are those who know that they need to pray . . . and yet don't pray. 
The whisper of a pretty girl can be heard further than the roar of a lion. 
The will of God will never take you to where the grace of God will not protect you.
The willow knows what the storm does not; the power to endure harm outlives the power to inflict it.
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
The woman who thinks no man is good enough for her may be right.... But she is more often left.
The wonder of a single snowflake outweighs the wisdom of a million meteorologists.
The woods are always empty if you're a poor hunter.
The word listen contains the same letters as the word silent.
The word of God will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the word of God.
The world is a great big book, of which those who never travel read only one page. 
The world is a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. 
The world is composed of givers and takers..the takers may eat better, but the givers sleep better.
The world is full of willing people. Some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. 
The world is like a beehive: We all enter by the same door but we live in different cells.
The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it can't be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
The world was not given to us by our parents, it was lent to us by our children!
The world would run a lot smoother if more men knew how to dance.
They are happiest who have power to gather wisdom from a flower. 
They have all sorts of new services today. Now they've got a dial-a-prayer service for atheists. You call a number and nobody answers.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad to realize that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days. 
They say you can't really know someone until you walk a mile in their shoes. I say if they've got itsy-bitsy feet or some kind of foot disease, I don't wanna know 'em!
The zoo is a place for animals to study the behaviour of human beings.
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. 
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason so few engage in it. 
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Ulcers are caused not so much by what we eat as what's eating us.
Ulcers are something you get from mountain climbing over molehills.
Under capitalism man exploits man. Under socialism it's just the opposite. 
Units of prayer combined, like drops of water, make an ocean which defies resistance. 
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. 
Use what talents you possess; The woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, and paradise is when you have none.
Vacation is what you take when you can't take what you've been taking any longer.
Victor Borge told a friend that he could tell time by his piano. His friend was incredulous, so Borge volunteered to demonstrate. He pounded out a crashing march. Immediately there came a banging on the wall and a shrill voice screamed, "Stop that noise. Don't you know it's 1:30 in the morning?"
Victory begins with the name of Jesus on our lips, but it will not be consummated until the nature of Jesus is in our hearts.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. Never let your morals stop you from doing what is right. 
Vision is not seeing things as they are, but as they will be.
Vision that looks inward becomes duty.
Vision that looks outward becomes aspiration.
Vision that looks upward becomes faith
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. 
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
Watch your thoughts; they become words.
Watch your words; they become actions.
Watch your actions; they become habits.
Watch your habits; they become character.
Watch your character; for it becomes your destiny!!!
We all get heavier as we get older because there is a lot more information in our heads. 
We all live under the same sky, but we don't see the same horizon.
Wealth buys leisure, but not wisdom.
We are, each of us, angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other. 
We are in danger of forgetting that we cannot do what God does, and that God will not do what we can do. 
We are never nowhere.
We are always now here.
We blame fate for other accidents, but we feel personally responsible when we make a hole in one.
We buy things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people we don't know. 
We can admire what we see, but we can only love what we truly know.
We can be knowledgeable with other men's knowledge, but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom. 
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys.
We can only create what we can imagine. 
We can't always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. 
We can't control the wind, but we have the power to adjust the sails.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
We confess to little faults only to persuade ourselves that we have no great ones. 
We could accomplish a lot more if we'd get rid of our ifs and and's; and get off our butts.
We could all take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
We crucify ourselves between two thieves- regret for yesterday and fear of tomorrow.
We don't have the right to ask when sorrow comes: Why did this happen to me?, unless we ask the same question for every moment of happiness that comes our way.
We don't have to change friends if we understand that friends change.
We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.
We don't want a thing because we have found a reason for it- we find a reason for it because we want it.
We do what we believe, the rest is just a bunch of religious talk.
We have all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true. 
We have all heard that there are two sides to every story, but after listening to many husband and wife arguments I have come to realize there are three sides to every story, her side, his side, and the truth.
We have a strange and wonderful relationship: He's strange and I'm wonderful. 
We have not inherited the earth from our ancestors, we have only borrowed it from our children. 
We have stopped being fishers of men and we are now the keepers of the aquarium.
We spend more but have less,
We buy more but enjoy it less.
We judge others by their actions; we judge ourselves by our intentions.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Well done is better than well said. 
We make our friends; we make our enemies; but God makes our next-door neighbour. 
We may not be what we want to be, but thank God we are not what we used to be. 
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. 
We must hang together, gentlemen...else, we shall most assuredly hang separately. 
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
We must wake ourselves up! Or somebody else will take our place, and bear our cross, and thereby rob us of our crown. 
We need no wings to go in search of Him, but have only to find a place where we can be alone. 
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry. 
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public. 
We occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry on as if nothing happened.
We often fear being rejected so very much that we reject ourselves first before anyone else has the chance.
We often see further through a tear, than through a telescope.
We only grow when we step outside our comfort zone.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean, but the ocean would be less because of that missing drop. 
We see things not as they are, but as we are.
We should keep so close to the facts that we never have to remember the second time what we said the first time. 
We shouldn't deny the pain of what happens in our lives. We should just refuse to focus only on the valleys. 
We spent our whole youth to obtain wealth and our whole wealth to obtain youth.
We take risks not to escape life but to prevent that live escapes us.
We, the unwilling, led by the unknowing, have been asked to do so much with so little for so long that we are now capable of doing anything with nothing.
We treat this world of ours as though we had a spare in the trunk.
We want to have a testimony, but we don't want the test.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
What a dog I got. His favourite bone is in my arm!
What a lot we lost when we stopped writing letters. You can't reread a phone call. 
Whatever you do, or dream, begin it now.. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. Begin it now. 
What flowers grow between your nose and your chin? .... Tulips.
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
What I do today is important because I am exchanging a day of my life for it. 
What is done now, is influenced by what you did then, and will determine what you do when now is then.
What is right is often forgotten by what is convenient.
What is worth having is worth waiting for.
What lies behind ourselves and what lies ahead of ourselves are small matters compared to what lies within ourselves. 
What now is proved was once only imagined. 
What passes as a woman's intuition, is usually nothing more than a mans transparency.
What really matters is what happens in us- not to us.
What soap is for the body, tears are for the soul.
What some people mistake for the high cost of living, is really the cost of living high.
What sunshine is to flowers...smiles are to humanity.
What the caterpillar calls the end, the butterfly calls the beginning.
What we do in life, echoes in eternity. 
What we fight against defines us as clearly as all we embrace.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.
What you do when you don't have to do it will determine what you are when it's too late to do anything about it!
What you possess in the world will be found at the day of your death to belong to someone else. But what you are will be yours forever.
When a bishop visited one of his remoter parishes, he was surprised to find only five people in the congregation. He said to the vicar "Did you tell the people I was coming?." The vicar replied "No, but Heaven help the person who did!"
When a church seeks a pastor, they want the strength of an eagle, the grace of a swan, the gentleness of a dove, the friendliness of a sparrow, and the night hours of an owl. And when they catch that bird, they expect the pastor to live on the food of a canary.
When a friend asked his six-year-old brother why babies are spanked when they are born, the youngster replied, "To get them used to it. 
When a man gets up to speak, people listen, then look. When a woman gets up, people look; then, if they like what they see, they listen. 
When a mother saw a thunderstorm forming in mid-afternoon, she worried about her seven-year-old daughter who would be walking the three blocks from school to home. Deciding to meet her, the mother saw her walking nonchalantly along, stopping to smile whenever lightning flashed. Seeing her mother, the little girl ran to her, explaining happily, "All the way home, God's been taking my picture!"
When an old man dies, a library burns down. 
When a person wants to believe something, it doesn't take much to convince them.
When asked by his Boss why he only worked 4 days a week the enployee replied because I can't manage on 3 days a week.
When asking a question of someone your not sure of, only ask if you know half the answer.
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you don't throw away the ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer. 
When a woman is speaking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes. 
When dogs leap onto your bed, it's because they adore being with you.
When cats leap onto your bed, it's because they adore your bed. 
Whenever an armed forces pilot is involved in an aircraft accident, he is required to make a statement of the cause. One young pilot summed up his mishap thus: "I believe the cause of the accident was administrative. I should never have graduated from flight school."
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally. 
When everything seems to be going against you, remember the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. 
When fear knocks at the door, and you answer, there will be no one there.
When God allows a burden to be put upon you, He will put His arms underneath you to help you carry it.
When God closes a door He opens a window.
When God sends us on hard paths, he provides strong shoes.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my grandfather did--in his sleep. Not screaming like the passengers in his car.
When I'm right no-one remembers, when I'm wrong no-one forgets.
When in doubt, tell the truth. 
When in doubt. . . mumble.
When I pray, coincidences happen, and when I don't pray, they don't. 
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, "I used everything You gave me." 
When I stand before the Lord, I'd rather explain why I went, rather than why I didn't go.
When I walk backwards, it feels like I'm helping everyone else move forward faster.
When I was a boy of fourteen, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be twenty-one, I was astonished at how much he had learned in seven years. 
When I was a child I could remember anything.... Whether it happened or not. 
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. 
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, "I'm not sure." "Look in your underwear, Grandma," he advised. "Mine says I'm four."
When no one is watching, live as if someone is.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens: but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. 
When placed in God's hands, life is like a chocolate cake: Take something bitter, something dry, something wet, and a little bit of leaven, mix well, and let it bake someplace hot. The result is something sweet.
When satan reminds you of your past, remind him of his future.
When seeking a companion, become the type of person you would like to attract!
When signing a contract, it helps to remember "the big-type gives, and the small-type takes away".
When someone asks me what I think, I tell them: "I think all of the meat around a pig's ass is pork." 
When someone is having a bad day, be silent, sit close by and nuzzle them gently.
When someone says, "do you want my opinion"?- it's always a negative one.
When speaking to your children: say what you mean, mean what you say, but don't be mean when you say it.
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. 
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
When the congregation falls asleep it is time for the minister to wake up.
When the devil starts messing, God starts blessing. 
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
When the going still gets tough, the tough, pray.
When the mouth stumbles, it is worse than the foot. 
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, then the world will know peace. 
When there's a will, there's a way..when there's a won't, there isn't.
When there's nothing on TV, most people will watch it anyway.
When the well's dry, we know the worth of water. 
When they broke open molecules, they found they were only stuffed with atoms. But when they broke open atoms, they found them stuffed with explosions.
When they say Doctors are practicing, they aren't kidding.
When we die we leave behind us all that we have and take with us all that we are.
When we learn all the answers, they change the questions.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. 
When written in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of two characters. One represents danger, and the other represents opportunity.
When you aim for perfection you discover it is a moving target.
When you are arguing with an idiot, make sure the other person isn't doing the same thing.
When you are at school, you wish you where old enough to work.
When you are old enough to work, you wish you were at school.
When you are standing on the edge of a cliff a step forward is not progress. 
When you are trying to convince yourself something is right, it is usually wrong.
When you ask someone to go somewhere with you, and they say no and then start explaining why, you say, "Just tell me the time, don't tell me how the watch works."
When you can't trace God's hand, trust His heart.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
When you forgive it takes you from the place of the victim to that of a victor.
When you give and don't expect anything back that's love. But if you give and expect a return it's an investment.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't. 
When you hear a kind word spoken about a friend, tell her so.
When you live in the past, it costs you the present.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. 
When you put somebody down, you have to be down there to hold him down. You could soar high otherwise.
When you reach the end of light in your life and you find yourself standing before a dark abyss, faith is knowing that when you take the next step there will be something solid to walk on or you will be taught to fly.
When your heart speaks, take good notes.
When your Mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair.
When your outgo exceeds your income your upkeep will be your downfall.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. 
When you shoot an arrow of truth, dip its point in honey. 
When you take things for granted, the things you are granted, get taken. 
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a manner that when you die the world cries and you rejoice. 
Where God guides, He provides.
Where there are friends; there is wealth. 
Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. 
Where will you be sitting in eternity--smoking or non-smoking?
Where you're going is more important than where you stand.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you are right. 
Which dreams indeed are ambition, for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream. 
Which Eternity do you prefer? Smoking or Non-Smoking.
While men talk of killing time, slowly time kills men.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Whoever acquires knowledge and does not practice it resembles him who ploughs his land and leaves it unsown. 
Whoever follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
Who gossips to you will gossip of you. 
Who got it, did get it; and who left it, did regret it. 
Who says nothing is impossible, I have been doing nothing for years.
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one. 
Why are women wearing perfumes that smell like flowers? Men don't like flowers. I've been wearing a great new scent. It's called New Car Interior. 
"Why?" is the query of a skeptic; "How?" is the question of a person who wants to believe. 
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
Win with humility; lose with grace.
Wisdom is a comb given to a man once he is bald. 
Wisdom whispers - foolishness shouts.
Wisdom will keep you from getting into situations where you need it. 
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground; but a kind word is never thrown away. 
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress. 
With money I can buy things; with thinking I can understand things.
Without God, I can not. Without me, God will not.
Without risk there is no opportunity for gain.
With prayer as with other gifts from God, it is not what you get that counts, it's what you do with it.
With wealth you can live in comfort.
With drive you can make a comfortable living.
With peace of mind, you can be comfortable in living.
Wit is educated insolence. 
Women like silent men. They think they're listening. 
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance as if no one is watching. 
Work with every buyer as though that person represents a thousand referrals. 
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength. 
Worry is interest paid in advance for a debt you may never owe.
Worry is the darkroom in which 'negatives' are developed.
Worry pulls tomorrow's cloud over today's sunshine.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. 
Write injuries in the sand, kindnesses in marble.
Yesterday today was tomorrow yet tomorrow today will be yesterday.
You always find something in the last place you look.
You are getting old when you don't care where your spouse goes, just as long as you don't have to go along.
You are getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
You are never fully dressed until you wear a smile.
You are richer today if you have laughed, given or forgiven.
You are what you think about all day long. 
You are young only once, but you can be immature all your life.
You better think about the future, for it's where you will spend the rest of your life.
You can bomb the world into pieces, you can't bomb the world into peace.....
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. 
You can employ men and hire hands to work for you, but you must win their hearts to have them work with you. 
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can listen to thunder after lightening and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you. 
You can never understand the true value of something until you don't have it anymore.
You can outdistance that which is running after you but not what is running inside you. 
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
You can send a message around the world in 1/7 of a second; yet it may take several years to move a simple idea through a 1/4 inch of human skull.
You can survive on charm for about 5 minutes...after that, you'd better know something!
You can take a horse to water, but you cannot make it drink.
You can't be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
You can't build character & courage by taking away men's initiative & independence.
You can't do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. 
You can't do anything, if you believe you can't.
You can tell how big a person is by what it takes to discourage him.
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. 
You can't expect people to look eye to eye with you if you are looking down on them.
You can't get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
You can't help the poor man by destroying the rich.
You can't make an omlette without breaking eggs.
You can't make someone else's choices. You shouldn't let someone else make yours. 
You can't make your candle burn brighter by blowing out the other fellow's.
You can't prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but can prevent them from building their nest on it.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist. 
You can't strengthen the weak by weakening the strong.
You can't tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
You can't test courage cautiously.
You can't train a horse with shouts, and expect it to obey a whisper.
You can turn dollars into cents, and sense into dollars, though not dollars into sense.
You could better start giving me mouth to mouth, because you just took my breath away!
You don't become a missionary by crossing the sea but by seeing the cross.
You don't get old, you just become a classic.
You don't have to blow out anothers candle to make yours shine bright.
You don't look at a picture of a Chevy when you drive a Cadillac.
You don't lose if you get knocked down, you lose if you stay down.
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her
You don't marry someone you can live with; you marry the person with whom you cannot live without.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing. 
You don't win silver. You lose gold.
You either have to be first, best, or different. 
You have a lifetime to work, but children are only young once. 
You have reached middle age when the phone rings on Saturday night, you pray it isn't for you.
You have three choices in any situation; the sooner you choose, the less stress you'll feel: change, accept or leave.
You have to protect the privacy of the advice you get, or you'll never get the advice you need. 
You know it's love when you can't fall asleep because reality is better than dreams.
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. 
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going. 
You laugh because I'm different, I laugh because your all the same.
You may be born with a silver spoon in your mouth, but you need gold-hearted people to make your life more tasty.
You may forget with whom you laughed, but you will never forget with whom you wept.
You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down. 
You may have grown old, but you may not have grown up.
You may not be able to turn back the clock; but you can always wind it up again.
You may only be one person in the world, but to one person you may be the world.
You may pass violets looking for roses and contentment looking for victory.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. 
You must be tired, because you've been running through my mind all day!
You must have long range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short range failures. 
You never lose by loving, you only lose by holding back.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
You only have one chance to make a first impression.
You pay God a compliment by asking great things of Him. 
Your actions speak so loud that I can't hear what you're saying.
Your attitude is the librarian of your past, the speaker of your present, and the prophet of your future!
Your brain is that bodily organ which starts working the moment you awake and does not stop until you get into the office.
Your child has started growing up when he stops asking you where he came from and starts refusing to tell you where he's going.
Your children know you love them by your presence, not your presents.
Your current safe boundaries were once unknown frontiers.
You're getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
You're in middle age when you realize you have more on your mind and less on your head.
Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good. 
Your neighbour is the man who needs you.
Your problem is never really your problem, your reaction to your problem is your problem. 
Your responsibility is your response to His ability.
Your secrets are safe with me and all my friends.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. 
Your temper is the only thing you can lose and still have.
Your thoughts can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak.
Your worst days are never so bad that you are beyond the reach of God's grace. And your best days are never so good that you are beyond the need of God's grace. 
Your worst humiliation is only someone else's momentary entertainment. 
You satisfy the hungry heart with gift of finest wheat.
Now give to us, O saving Lord, the bread of life to eat.
You should not confuse your career with your life.
Youth is when we are always hunting greener pastures, and middle age is when we can barely mow the one we've got.
Youth wastes away, but immaturity can last a lifetime.
You were born as an original. Don't die as a copy.
You will come across hope and despair in almost every situation. Only one of them wins each time.
You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated. 
You will find that the only thing you can do easily is be wrong, and that's hardly worth the effort. 
You will never be promoted until you become over-qualified for your present position.
You will never "win" an argument concerning religion.
You wouldn't care what people thought of you if you realised how seldom they do.